Redwood_Materials: Anode_Copper_Foil_Intern_Summer_2024  ------- 31-Jan
 
Company Overview Redwood's mission is to build a circular supply chain to power a sustainable world and accelerate the reduction of fossil fuels. The company is localizing a global supply battery chain and producing anode and cathode components in the U. S. for the first time, while also reducing environmental impact, cost, and supply chain risks.
---------------------- 
Company Stage Series D Total Funding $3.8 B Founded2017 Headquarters Carson City, Nevada
---------------------- 
Growth & Insights Headcount6 month growth↑ 14%1 year growth↑ 32%2 year growth↑ 250%
---------------------- 
Requirements Pursuing a B. S. or advanced degree in mechanical engineering, materials engineering, materials science, or another relevant discipline Experience with data mechanical systems including encoders and inline data systems Experience with data analysis and visualization with python Academic or professional background in signal processing, programming, or data science
---------------------- 
Responsibilities Working on analysis of copper foil electroplating processes Assisting with setup, testing, and commissioning of pilot and commercial scale plant and equipment Performing laboratory testing and plant trials
---------------------- 
Desired Qualifications Self-motivated, hands-on mindset, with a willingness to contribute at all levels Passion for sustainability and making the world a better place
---------------------- 
About Redwood Materials
 Redwood Materials was founded in 2017 to create a circular supply chain for electric vehicles and clean energy products, making them more sustainable and driving down the cost for batteries. We’re doing this by developing and deploying new technologies to increase the scope and scale of recycled and sustainable materials in the global battery supply chain.



 Anode Copper Foil Intern/ Co-op
 Redwood Materials is seeking an entrepreneurial Anode Copper Foil intern or co-op to support our research and development, pilot projects, and commercial scale production operations. 
 Responsibilities will include: 

 Working on analysis of copper foil electroplating processes.
 Assisting with setup, testing, and commissioning of pilot and commercial scale plant and equipment.
 Performing laboratory testing and plant trials.

 Desired Qualifications

 Pursuing a B. S. or advanced degree in mechanical engineering, materials engineering, materials science, or another discipline with significant relevant coursework.
 Experience with data mechanical systems including encoders and inline data systems.
 Experience with data analysis and visualization with python.
 Academic or professional background in signal processing, programming, or data science.
 Self-motivated, hands-on mindset, with a willingness to contribute at all levels.
 A passion for sustainability and making the world a better place!

 This position may be arranged as either an Internship or a Co-op, depending on the candidate. Details:
 Internship - Summer 2024 (12 weeks).
 Co-op - Ranging from 4-9 months in duration.
 This position is located in the Reno, Nevada area. The position is full-time. Compensation will be commensurate with experience.
 We collect personal information ( P I) from you in connection with your application for employment with Redwood Materials, including the following categories of P I: identifiers, personal records, professional or employment information, and inferences drawn from your P I. We collect your P I for our purposes, including performing services and operations related to your potential employment. If you have additional privacy-related questions, please contact us at [email protected].
---------------------- 
