IEX: Cyber_Security_Engineer_Co_op  ------- 31-Jan
 
Company Overview Investors' Exchange L L C ( I E X) stands out as a leading U. S. stock exchange by leveraging advanced technology and design to enhance broker-dealer and investor performance. Its proprietary Discretionary Peg ( D- Peg) system, which adjusts to the midpoint of the National Best Bid and Offer ( N B B O) except when their unique Signal is active, provides a competitive edge in the market. This strategic approach to trading, combined with a strong industry presence, makes I E X a compelling workplace for those seeking to shape the future of finance.
---------------------- 
Company Stage Series C Total Funding N/ A Founded2012 Headquarters New York, New York
---------------------- 
Growth & Insights Headcount6 month growth↓ -4%1 year growth↑ 2%2 year growth↑ 6%
---------------------- 
Requirements Pursuing a Bachelor’s degree in Information Security, Computer Engineering, Computer Science, or a related degree Knowledge of technology and security topics including operating systems, computer security, network security, and/or application security Available for a full semester (4-6 month) Co- Op rotation
---------------------- 
Responsibilities Perform compliance and operational tasks contributing to environment oversight and end user training and awareness Provide meaningful impact to I E X Information Security Work alongside a strong team of Info Sec practitioners Learn more about how security works in a Financial Services enterprise
---------------------- 
Desired Qualifications Experience scripting or coding (e.g., Python, Power Shell, using A P I’s, etc.) Experience with endpoint/network hardening or logging Experience with S I E M, S O A R, and/or D L P technologies
---------------------- 
Cyber Security Engineer Co-op – Summer 2024
 I E X is looking for a Cyber Security Engineer Co- Op student to work with the I E X Information Security team. The opportunity will include learning the different aspects of an information security program while contributing to tasks and initiatives in support of security operations, compliance, and program improvements. This position is an opportunity to help maintain and improve I E X’s security posture while gaining the experience of working for a national equities exchange and true fintech organization.
 I E X Information Security is responsible for protecting I E X from cyber security threats, so that our employees can focus on providing our clients performance, fairness, and transparency in the market.
 About you:

 Self-starter who is proactive and entrepreneurial
 Organized and detail-oriented
 Excellent analytical, critical thinking, and problem-solving skills
 You are passionate about information security
 You are pursuing a Bachelor’s degree in Information Security, Computer Engineering, Computer Science, or a related degree.
 You have knowledge of technology and security topics including operating systems, computer security, network security, and/or application security.
 You are not afraid to ask questions and independently research solutions to find the answers and apply them to your work
 Available for a full semester (4-6 month) Co- Op rotation.

 What you’ll do:

 Help I E X Information Security perform compliance and operational tasks contributing to environment oversight and end user training and awareness.
 Provide meaningful impact to I E X Information Security. Your work will not sit on a shelf, collecting dust. Leave a legacy!
 Gain skills applicable to your future career.
 Work alongside a strong team of Info Sec practitioners.
 Learn more about how security works in a Financial Services enterprise so you can home in on your areas of interest to create a forward-looking plan.

 Desired Skills:

 Experience scripting or coding (e.g., Python, Power Shell, using A P I’s, etc.)
 Experience with endpoint/network hardening or logging
 Experience with S I E M, S O A R, and/or D L P technologies

 Our job titles may span more than one career level. The starting base pay is $30.00/hour for this N Y-based position. The actual base pay is dependent upon many factors, such as: training, transferable skills, work experience, business needs and market demands. The annual base pay range is subject to change and may be modified in the future.
 Here at I E X, we are dedicated to an inclusive workplace and culture. We are an Equal Opportunity Employer that does not discriminate on the basis of actual or perceived race, color, creed, religion, alienage or national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, age, disability or handicap, sex, marital status, veteran status, sexual orientation, genetic information or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state or local laws. This policy not only complies with all applicable laws and protects workers’ rights but is vital to I E X’s overall mission and values.
---------------------- 
