Box: Software_Engineering_Intern_Summer_2024  ------- 30-Jan
 
Company Overview Box is on a mission to make businesses more productive, competitive, and powerful by connecting people and their most important information. The company operates one of the world's largest cloud storage platforms.
---------------------- 
Company Stage N/ A Total Funding $1.2 B Founded2005 Headquarters Redwood City, California
---------------------- 
Growth & Insights Headcount6 month growth↑ 1%1 year growth↑ 13%2 year growth↑ 25%
---------------------- 
Requirements Graduating between December 2024- June 2025 with a B A/ B S, majoring in Computer Science or a related field Demonstrated passion for technology, whether you worked at another tech company, worked on a side project you were passionate about, or joined your school tech club Experienced with algorithms and design Able to pick up languages quickly. We like to use Java Script, Java, P H P, Python, and Scala, and some other languages too
---------------------- 
Responsibilities Work on a summer project that impacts the product roadmap Build and ship code to be released to the public Pair with a formal mentor on the team Drive your own development project—ask questions, design solutions, own and present the results Be immersed on the team and part of the daily standups and other agile practices Choose which team to join based on your interests and skillsets
---------------------- 
Desired Qualifications Experience with Java Script, Java, P H P, Python, and Scala
---------------------- 
What is Box?
 Box is the market leader for Cloud Content Management. Our mission is to power how the world works together. Box is partnering with enterprise organizations to accelerate their digital transformation by creating a single platform for secure content management, collaboration and workflow. We have an amazing opportunity to further establish ourselves as leaders in the space, and we need strong advocates to help us achieve that goal.
 

 By joining Box, you will have the unique opportunity to help capture a majority of this developing market and define what content management looks like for the digital enterprise. Today, Box powers over 99,000 businesses, including 70% of the Fortune 500 who trust Box to manage their content in the cloud. 
 Why Box needs you
 As a Software Engineering Intern, you will be embedded as a full-time member of one of our engineering teams, working on a summer project that impacts our product roadmap. Paired with your manager and a mentor, you will build and ship code to be released to the public. This is your time to shine and be proud of your project - after all, you are the one building it!
 What you’ll do

 Want mentorship? We’ll pair you with a formal mentor on your team, but you can find a mentor anywhere in the company. If you’re not sure where to start, try connecting with our Employee Resource Communities, like Women in Tech, Black Excellence Network, and Latinx. Join the Intern Buddy Program and be paired with a Boxer from our Young Professional Network. You’ll also have access to higher leadership and will even get to meet and pick the brains of our C E O and co-founder!
 Want ownership? You are empowered to drive your own development project—ask questions, design solutions, own and present the results. With your project you can make a true impact, whether it’s external to our customers or internal to Boxers. You will not only learn, grow, and hone your technical skills, but also softer skills. We’ll teach you how to build your own personal brand, negotiation techniques, and more through personal and professional development workshops!
 Want real world experience? We treat you like a full-time engineer. You’ll be immersed on your team and part of the daily standups and other agile practices, getting an opportunity to really see first hand how decisions get made. There is also potential for a full-time offer, so that you can come back after graduation and continue to make an impact with Box!
 Want to drive your own career? Our interview process is universal. What does that mean? It means at the end of it all, you get to choose which team to join based on your interests and skillsets. We have teams ranging all over the tech stack and encourage our interns to explore, learn, grow, and hone their skills all summer long ...and beyond!

 Who you are


 Graduating between December 2024- June 2025 with a B A/ B S, majoring in Computer Science or a related field.


 Demonstrated passion for technology, whether you worked at another tech company, worked on a side project you were passionate about, or joined your school tech club.


 Experienced with algorithms and design, all that good stuff from class.


 Able to pick up languages quickly. We like to use Java Script, Java, P H P, Python, and Scala, and some other languages too.


 Interview Process


 Apply online! We’ll review your resume and follow up from there. 


 A short coding challenge via Hacker Rank. We’ll send you some resources and advice before.


 Take home assignment! You’ll have 2 weeks to complete the assignment and we’ll be with you the whole way with engineering-led office hours. We expect the assignment to take between 10-15 hours.


 Once you submit the assignment, we’ll schedule time for you to review your code with an engineer, followed up by a chat with a recruiter.


 From there, we’ll get back to you with a final decision!


 Applications will be considered on a rolling basis until the internship is filled. The internship is 12-weeks long and will be fully virtual with the opportunity to be hybrid if you are located near our San Francisco, Redwood City, Chicago, Austin, or New York City office locations.
 Want to learn what a summer in the cloud is like? Check out our blog where you can hear from our previous interns!
 Equal Opportunity
 We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We encourage our employees to live by one of our values, "bring your ____ self to work", every single day.
 For details on how we protect your information when you apply, please see our Personnel Privacy Notice.

 
# L I- Remote

 




 Box is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices. Actual base salary (or O T E if commissionable role) is dependent upon factors such as: knowledge, skill level, experience, and work location. This role is also eligible for equity and benefits. For more information on benefits, check out our healthcare benefits and additional  Box Benefits + Perks.
 
 In accordance with O F C C P compliance, here is the Pay Transparency Provision. 




 United States Pay Range $45— $45 U S D
---------------------- 
