Ascend_Analytics: Energy_Analyst_Intern_Summer_2024  ------- 30-Jan
 
Company Overview Ascend Analytics, an employee-owned software service company, excels in providing robust data infrastructure and advanced analytics for energy analysts and risk managers, offering a competitive edge in decision-making processes. Their unique approach integrates physical conditions with financial outcomes, providing crucial insights for capital investment and operational management. With over 60 years of energy experience, Ascend's management team offers industry-leading model capabilities and strong client support, further enhanced by their " Ready to Roll" analytics and preconfigured models adaptable to any region or node.
---------------------- 
Company Stage N/ A Total Funding $704 K Founded2003 Headquarters Boulder, Colorado
---------------------- 
Growth & Insights Headcount6 month growth↑ 10%1 year growth↑ 35%2 year growth↑ 94%
---------------------- 
Requirements Strong academic performance ( G P A 3.4 or higher) Desire and willingness to relocate to Boulder, C O for the semester or summer Strong quantitative background (such as studies in economics, computer science, physics, engineering, math, energy systems or another highly quantitative discipline) Preference for some economics, programming and statistical coursework, level dependent on focus area Passion for creating analytical solutions for the energy transition Great teamwork skills A high degree of ownership and commitment Pro-active can-do attitude
---------------------- 
Responsibilities Use analytics to support energy decision analysis in resource planning, renewable generation, energy storage, market forecasting and/or risk management for electric utilities and other energy industry clients Perform quantitative analysis combining technical considerations, economic factors, market rules, and regulatory/policy developments Validate and troubleshoot models with meticulous attention to detail Understand, research, present, and justify market forecasts and underlying assumptions Provide expertise to clients in analytic modeling in areas like risk management, asset valuation, and resource planning by communicating results and modeling approaches effectively Synthesize complex information into understandable reports, visualizations, and presentations Leverage analytical tools using Excel, Python, or R for market forecasting and analysis Work independently and collaboratively as needed to achieve objectives Other duties as assigned
---------------------- 
Desired Qualifications Some economics, programming and statistical coursework
---------------------- 
Energy Analyst  Intern - Summer 2024, Boulder, C O
* This role is located in the Boulder office, and not available for remote work at this time.
 Your Impact at Ascend Analytics
 We are looking for smart, motivated senior undergraduates, graduate students, or early alumni to join our team in Boulder, C O for the summer as interns. If you want to help shape a new future of a cleaner, more cost-effective energy supply and work with an industry-leading software company with dedicated and talented people who are passionate about our future, this could be a great place to start.  You will apply and build skills like quantitative modeling, decision analysis, market intelligence and forecasting, and strategic planning for energy analytics.
 Ascend Analytics is an innovative “climate tech” software and consulting company focused on energy analytics that are transforming the electric grid. Ascend’s solutions provide the analytics to support critical power supply decisions from operating strategies, for short and long-term investment and resource planning decisions. For more information, visit www.ascendanalytics.com. 
 Job Responsibilities
 As an intern or intern-to-hire at Ascend, you will use analytics to support energy decision analysis in resource planning, renewable generation, energy storage, market forecasting and/or risk management for electric utilities and other energy industry clients

 Perform quantitative analysis combining technical considerations, economic factors, market rules, and regulatory/policy developments. 
 Validate and troubleshoot models with meticulous attention to detail. 
 Understand, research, present, and justify market forecasts and underlying assumptions.  
 Provide expertise to clients in analytic modeling in areas like risk management, asset valuation, and resource planning by communicating results and modeling approaches effectively. 
 Synthesize complex information into understandable reports, visualizations, and presentations. 
 Leverage analytical tools using Excel, Python, or R for market forecasting and analysis. 
 Work independently and collaboratively as needed to achieve objectives. 
 Other duties as assigned. 

 Required Qualifications

 Strong academic performance ( G P A 3.4 or higher)
 Desire and willingness to relocate to Boulder, C O for the semester or summer
 Strong quantitative background (such as studies in economics, computer science, physics, engineering, math, energy systems or another highly quantitative discipline)
 Preference for some economics, programming and statistical coursework, level dependent on focus area
 Passion for creating analytical solutions for the energy transition 
 Great teamwork skills. Our projects are all collaborative and we highly value communication
 A high degree of ownership and commitment
 Pro-active can-do attitude

 Compensation: $25.00 - $30.00 hourly, additional compensation may be awarded for a higher degree level or specialized skill set.
 All interns are paid and considered part of the team during their time with us. Ascend highly values our interns and often pays above the industry average. 
 All our present internships are intended to be on site in Boulder, C O. We offer flexible work hours in a relaxed environment and a collaborative work culture, where individual initiative and creativity are highly valued. Interactions with senior management happen daily, and hard work never goes unnoticed. Ascend Analytics is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees. 
 If you are excited about being a part of the clean energy transition, please apply here. Be sure to include transcripts (unofficial copies are fine) and a cover letter telling us why you are a good fit for Ascend. We look forward to hearing from you! 
 We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees. Ascend Analytics is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, genetic information or other applicable legally protected characteristics.  
 Ascend Analytics is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, please contact us at [email protected]
---------------------- 
