Alarm_com: Software_Engineer_Internship_Lawrence_KS  ------- 30-Jan
 
Company Overview Alarm.com stands out as a leading platform for intelligently connected properties, offering comprehensive security, video monitoring, intelligent automation, and energy management solutions. The company's culture is recognized for its meaningful work, earning the Top Workplace™ award, and it actively seeks individuals passionate about creating impactful change through technology. With its advanced technology, Alarm.com provides reliable protection and valuable insights, enabling users to manage their security remotely, monitor their property in H D, implement wellness solutions, and detect intrusions, making it a preferred choice for millions of home and business owners globally.
---------------------- 
Company Stage Seed Total Funding $164.5 M Founded2000 Headquarters Mc Lean, Virginia
---------------------- 
Growth & Insights Headcount6 month growth↑ 1%1 year growth↑ 5%2 year growth↑ 5%
---------------------- 
Requirements Currently pursuing a B. A. or B. S. in Computer Science or similar engineering program Strong academic performance Self-starter, analytical, tenacious problem solver Strong verbal and written communication skills Rigorous attention to detail and focus on quality of deliverables Proven team experience and comfort in a team-oriented environment Passion for working with technology and excitement for creating high quality consumer technology products
---------------------- 
Responsibilities Analyzing functional requirements and product specifications Researching, adopting, and integrating new technologies Innovating and improving existing products Writing coherent, organized code Taking ownership of projects to ensure their successful completion with respect to deadlines Collaborating with Quality Assurance in developing a test plan to ensure successful deployment of updates Other duties as assigned
---------------------- 
Desired Qualifications Experience with native i O S and Android applications Experience with single page web applications build with Ember Js, Node.js, E C M A Script 2017 Java Script, Microsoft. N E T C#, Web Api and S Q L Server
---------------------- 
P O S I T I O N O V E R V I E W   An entrepreneurial technology company, Alarm.com, is seeking a motivated Software Engineering  Summer  Intern. The Engineering team is perfect for candidates who want to gain exposure to a wide variety of technologies in the Internet of Things world including home automation, intelligent video analysis, cutting edge web application development, e-commerce applications, and large scale real-time databases.    Few companies innovate and develop across such a broad range of technologies as Alarm.com. This position is ideal for the candidate who seeks a supportive and collaborative company culture where one can work closely with and be mentored by smart and highly productive people across a diverse spectrum of wireless, software, and hardware/device technologies, developing outstanding consumer products. 
 R E S P O N S I B I L I T I E S  
 The Software Engineering Intern’s primary job responsibilities will include: 

 Analyzing functional requirements and product specifications
 Researching, adopting, and integrating new technologies 
 Innovating and improving existing products 
 Writing coherent, organized code
 Taking ownership of projects to ensure their successful completion with respect to deadlines
 Collaborating with Quality Assurance in developing a test plan to ensure successful deployment of updates 
 Other duties as assigned

 R E Q U I R E M E N T S 

 Must be currently pursuing a B. A. or B. S. in Computer Science or similar engineering program with strong academic performance
 Self-starter, analytical, tenacious problem solver 
 Strong verbal and written communication skills 
 Rigorous attention to detail and focus on quality of deliverables 
 Proven team experience and comfort in a team-oriented environment 
 Passion for working with technology and excitement for creating high quality consumer technology products 

 W H Y I N T E R N F O R A L A R M. C O M? 

 Collaborate with outstanding people: We hire only the best. Our standards are high and our employees enjoy working alongside other high achievers. 
 Make an immediate impact: Interns can expect to work on meaningful projects that help with bringing new technologies to the marketplace.
 Gain well rounded experience: Alarm.com offers a diverse and dynamic environment where you will get the chance to work directly with full-time employees and learn about multiple areas of the business. 
 Focus on fun: Alarm.com places high value on our team culture. Our internship program hosts several fun events throughout the summer.
 Our Technology Stack: native i O S and Android applications, single page web applications build with  Ember Js, Node.js, E C M A Script 2017 Java Script, Microsoft. N E T C#,  Web Api and S Q L Server

 C O M P A N Y I N F O
 Alarm.com is the leading cloud-based platform for smart security and the Internet of Things. More than 7.6 million home and business owners depend on our solutions every day to make their properties safer, smarter, and more efficient. And every day, we’re innovating new technologies in rapidly evolving spaces including A I, video analytics, facial recognition, machine learning, energy analytics, and more.   We’re seeking those who are passionate about creating change through technology and who want to make a lasting impact on the world around them. 
 For more information, please visit www.alarm.com.
 Alarm.com is an Equal Opportunity Employer
 In connection with your application, we collect information that identifies, reasonably relates to or describes you (“ Personal Information”). The categories of Personal Information that we may collect include your name, government-issued identification number(s), email address, mailing address, other contact information, emergency contact information, employment history, educational history, criminal record, and demographic information.   We collect and use those categories of Personal Information about you for human resources and other business management purposes, including identifying and evaluating you as a candidate for potential or future employment or future positions, recordkeeping in relation to recruiting and hiring, conducting criminal background checks as permitted by law, conducting analytics, and ensuring compliance with applicable legal requirements and Company policies.
 J R103878
---------------------- 
