Kargo: Intern_Software_Engineering  ------- 29-Jan
 
Company Overview Kargo’s mission is to unite the world’s leading brands and premium publishers on mobile devices using innovative and creative ad formats. The company is transforming advertising in the mobile space by providing businesses with metrics to analyze and improve performance across key advertiser K P I’s.
---------------------- 
Company Stage Seed Total Funding $6.7 M Founded1999 Headquarters New York, New York
---------------------- 
Growth & Insights Headcount6 month growth↑ 8%1 year growth↑ 14%2 year growth↑ 58%
---------------------- 
Requirements Basic understanding of H T M L, C S S, and Javascript Some understanding of cloud technologies is a plus e.g. ( A W S) Excellent communication, presentation, interpersonal, and analytical skills
---------------------- 
Responsibilities Full-stack ad-building application in Javascript and Node.js Microservices to support our ad serving and execution Build applications that leverage A W S technologies Involved in the entire development lifecycle, from ideation to architectural decisions to delivery of high-quality, best-in-class product features
---------------------- 
Desired Qualifications Empathy and a deep respect for the power of collaboration Strong desire to learn, regardless of level of experience
---------------------- 
Kargo unites the world’s leading brands, retailers and premium publishers across screens using innovative technology and advanced creative ad formats. At Kargo, we’re all about bringing together the best of the best with a spark of creativity to stand out from the crowd. The same is true for our employees. What makes Kargo and each Kargo team member exceptional makes our company special. Kargo believes differences should be celebrated and is committed to diversity in the workplace. As an Equal Opportunity employer, we do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, age, national origin, protected veteran status, disability or other legally protected status. Individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation.
 Kargo is 500 employees strong across offices in New York City, Chicago, Austin, Dallas, Los Angeles, Sydney, Auckland, Ireland, and London. But we’re not stopping there, so stay tuned as we expand our map and our team.
 For more information, visit Kargo at www.kargo.com or follow Kargo on Instagram (@kargomobile), Twitter (@kargo) and Linked In ( Kargo).
 Title:  Intern, Software Engineering
 Job Type:  Internship; In- Office Hybrid Required 
 Job Location:  New York, N Y
 Salary Range:  $17 per hour
 Role Summary: As an Engineering Intern at Kargo, you will be a crucial part of one of our multidisciplinary teams, which comprises product management, project management, design, quality, frontend and backend engineering. You’ll become a vital member of a close group of engineers, working on cutting-edge technologies to build and roll out new products and ideas.
 The summer internship program runs for 10 weeks from June 3 to August 9. All internship positions are paid. This will be a full-time internship with up to 40 hours a week from Monday through Friday with the expectation of 3x in the office. 
 What You’ll Do:

 Full-stack ad-building application in Javascript and Node.js
 Microservices to support our ad serving and execution
 Build applications that leverage A W S technologies
 You will be involved in the entire development lifecycle, from ideation to architectural decisions to delivery of high-quality, best-in-class product features that give our team and customers the edge in the market

 Who You Are:

 Empathy and a deep respect for the power of collaboration
 Basic understanding of H T M L, C S S, and Javascript
 Some understanding of cloud technologies is a plus e.g. ( A W S)
 Excellent communication, presentation, interpersonal, and analytical skills; the ability to communicate complex, interactive design concepts clearly and persuasively
 Strong desire to learn, regardless of level of experience

 The Recognition: Kargo and Kargo leadership are regularly recognized for the company’s growth and achievements, including: 

 Ad Age’s Best Places to Work (2024)
 Built In’s U. S, New York, Los Angeles, Dallas, and Chicago Best Places to Work (2024)
 Built In’s U. S, New York, Los Angeles, Dallas, and Chicago Best Midsize Places to Work (2024)
 Martech Breakthrough Awards’ Best Overall Ad Tech Company (2023)
 B& T’s Best Media Platform (2021)
 Digiday Awards’ Media Award for Best Digital Product Innovation (2021) 
 Martech Breakthrough Awards’ Content Management Innovation (2021)

---------------------- 
