Beam_Therapeutics: Hematology_Intern  ------- 29-Jan
 
Company Overview Beam Therapeutics, established in 2018, is a pioneer in the field of genetic medicine, utilizing C R I S P R base editing to create precise, permanent alterations to single bases in D N A and R N A without breaking the strands. The company's culture is characterized by a community of fearless innovators, rigorous and honest research, open-mindedness, and commitment to each other. Their competitive advantage lies in their unique delivery strategy, which includes a range of clinically validated technologies such as electroporation, nonviral, and viral delivery modalities, positioning them as a leader in the genetic medicine industry.
---------------------- 
Company Stage N/ A Total Funding $689 M Founded2017 Headquarters Cambridge, Massachusetts
---------------------- 
Growth & Insights Headcount6 month growth↓ -11%1 year growth↓ -10%2 year growth↑ 35%
---------------------- 
Requirements Pursuing a B S or M S in biology, biochemistry, biomedical engineering, or related field of study Completed entry level biology, chemistry, biochemistry, cell biology, and microbiology courses Basic understanding of genomics Comfortable working collaboratively and thriving in a fast-paced environment
---------------------- 
Responsibilities Culturing and manipulating cell lines and H S P Cs from human and mouse primary sources Conducting in vitro differentiation of primary H S P Cs Executing on set protocols and optimizing new in vitro cell culture methods to study normal and abnormal hematopoiesis Performing multi-parameter flow cytometry Generating, analyzing, and interpreting experimental data Coordinating and working with hematology team members and other groups at Beam in a highly matrixed environment, as well as external academic collaborations and C R Os Presenting data and findings to internal scientific groups Maintaining detailed documentation of experiments in E L N system Adapting to a fast-paced, dynamic research environment
---------------------- 
Desired Qualifications Completion of biology lab courses Scientifically curious and collaborative
---------------------- 
Beam is looking for a highly motivated, enthusiastic, and detail-oriented intern to join the Hematology Team from June through August 2024. This person will work closely with members of the hematology team, and will perform cell culture, cell-based assays, molecular biology and biochemistry assays, to support Hematology lead optimization program. A successful candidate will be a team player who is scientifically curious, collaborative, and is able to multi-task in a fast-paced environment.
 Responsibilities:

 Culturing and manipulating cell lines and H S P Cs from human and mouse primary sources.
 Conducting in vitro differentiation of primary H S P Cs.
 Executing on set protocols and optimizing new in vitro cell culture methods to study normal and abnormal hematopoiesis.
 Performing multi-parameter flow cytometry.
 Generating, analyzing, and interpreting experimental data.
 Coordinating and working with hematology team members and other groups at Beam in a highly matrixed environment, as well as external academic collaborations and C R Os.
 Presenting data and findings to internal scientific groups.
 Maintaining detailed documentation of experiments in E L N system.
 Adapting to a fast-paced, dynamic research environment.
 Living Beam Therapeutics core values of being part of a community of fearless innovators, being rigorous and honest in our research, listening with open minds, and committed to each other.

 Qualifications:

 Pursuing a B S or M S in biology, biochemistry, biomedical engineering, or related field of study.
 Completed entry level biology, chemistry, biochemistry, cell biology, and microbiology courses.
 Completion of biology lab courses, and basic understanding of genomics is highly desirable.
 Must be a team player, comfortable working collaboratively and thriving in a fast-paced environment.

---------------------- 
