Tempus: Software_Engineering_Summer_Analyst_Laboratory_Systems  ------- 25-Jan
 
Company Overview Tempus Labs, Inc. is a leader in precision medicine, leveraging artificial intelligence to analyze vast clinical and molecular data, enabling physicians to deliver personalized, data-driven care. The company's advanced machine learning platform and unique solution sets facilitate the discovery, development, and delivery of optimized therapeutic options for patients. With a focus on extensive molecular profiling, Tempus has developed a robust pan-cancer tumor organoid platform and validated a liquid biopsy assay, demonstrating their commitment to transforming personalized patient care and their position at the forefront of the healthcare industry.
---------------------- 
Company Stage Series G Total Funding $1.3 B Founded2015 Headquarters Chicago, Illinois
---------------------- 
Growth & Insights Headcount6 month growth↑ 7%1 year growth↑ 28%2 year growth↑ 51%
---------------------- 
Requirements Pursuing a Bachelor's degree (undergraduate completion in summer of 2025) Computer Science / Computer Engineering G P A: 3.0+ Object Oriented Programming Experience. Javascript / Typescript a bonus H T M L & C S S Relational Database Experience ( My S Q L / Postgre S Q L / etc…) Experience with React J S a bonus Excellent written and verbal communication skills Strong computer skills, including advanced knowledge of Google Suite and Gmail Ability to work independently as well as in collaboration with others in a fast-paced environment
---------------------- 
Responsibilities Apply skills and knowledge learned in the classroom to on-the-job experiences Work on comprehensive, value-added project(s) that help enhance the fields of science and technology Collaborate with teams/colleagues in a fast-paced environment Gain professional development & build relationships with peers from across the country Creating and improving our Admin manager tooling used by our engineering and laboratory management teams Working on quality of life improvements and features requested by the laboratory users Contributing to our build pipeline to ensure safe deployments
---------------------- 
Desired Qualifications Experience with React J S
---------------------- 
Passionate about precision medicine and advancing the healthcare industry?
 Recent advancements in underlying technology have finally made it possible for A I to impact clinical care in a meaningful way. Tempus’ proprietary platform connects an entire ecosystem of real-world evidence to deliver real-time, actionable insights to physicians, providing critical information about the right treatments for the right patients, at the right time.
 Tempus is seeking a highly qualified undergraduate Software Engineering Summer Analyst ( Laboratory Systems) to work with us for the summer of 2024. We are looking for people who can change the world.
 Our goal is to provide you with a comprehensive overview of what it’s like to work at Tempus and the chance to have a true impact. We hope that at the end of your internship, you leave with a deeper understanding and appreciation for Tempus’ profound goals and mission;  to connect an entire ecosystem of real-world evidence to deliver real-time, actionable insights to physicians, providing critical information about the right treatments for the right patients, at the right time.
 As a Summer Intern at Tempus, you will:

 Apply skills and knowledge learned in the classroom to on-the-job experiences
 Work on comprehensive, value-added project(s) that help enhance the fields of science and technology 
 Collaborate with teams/colleagues in a fast-paced environment 
 Gain professional development & build relationships with peers from across the country 

 Anticipated Summer Project(s):
 Our engineering summer analyst will be working in our Laboratory Information Management System ( L I M S). This software is responsible for tracking all the processes and experiments that are performed on a sample once it arrives through the doors at Tempus. As part of the team you can expect to work on one or more of the following:

 Creating and improving our Admin manager tooling used by our engineering and laboratory management teams
 Working on quality of life improvements and features requested by the laboratory users
 Contributing to our build pipeline to ensure safe deployments

 Qualifications:

 Pursuing a Bachelor’s degree (undergraduate completion in summer of 2025) 
 Computer Science / Computer Engineering
 G P A: 3.0+
 Object Oriented Programming Experience. Javascript / Typescript a bonus.
 H T M L & C S S
 Relational Database Experience ( My S Q L / Postgre S Q L / etc…)
 Experience with React J S a bonus
 Excellent written and verbal communication skills in a variety of settings and media.
 Strong computer skills, including advanced knowledge of Google Suite and Gmail, preferred.
 A self-starter with the ability to work independently as well as in collaboration with others in a fast-paced environment is critical. Be ready to fly the plane as you’re still building it!

 Additional Details:

 You will spend 8 or 10 weeks working in our Chicago office. The internship will be a hybrid, onsite 3 days/week with the option to work remotely the remaining days.
 The program will start in early June and run through August.
 A competitive hourly wage will be provided for the summer employment and a relocation bonus to help offset some of the relocation costs and resources to help you find housing.

# L I- Hybrid We are an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.
---------------------- 
