Signifyd: Risk_Intelligence_Intern  ------- 25-Jan
 
Company Overview Signifyd stands out as a leader in the field of commerce protection, offering a comprehensive platform that maximizes conversion and automates customer experience while eliminating fraud and consumer abuse. The company's competitive edge lies in its ability to leverage transactional and behavioral data from a vast network of global merchants, enabling it to identify and block fraudulent activity with a high degree of accuracy. With a clientele that includes Fortune 1000 and Digital Commerce 360 Top 1000 companies, and recognition as the leading provider of payment security and fraud prevention for the Top 1000 Retailers in 2022 & 2023, Signifyd's industry leadership is well-established.
---------------------- 
Company Stage Series E Total Funding $413.2 M Founded2011 Headquarters San Jose, California
---------------------- 
Growth & Insights Headcount6 month growth↑ 0%1 year growth↑ 3%2 year growth↑ 20%
---------------------- 
Requirements Working towards or completed a degree in Business Technology, Business Analytics, Financial Technology, Financial Analytics, Business Economics Strong data analysis and interpretation skills Strong critical thinking skills with advanced judgment capability Ability to manage multiple assignments while working independently Competent use of G-suite ( Doc, Sheets, Slides) / Microsoft Office ( Excel)
---------------------- 
Responsibilities Analyse large data sets to identify and extrapolate fraud trends & revenue maximisation opportunities. Proposing effective and refined solutions. Monitor and optimise merchant performance. Identify fraud patterns, trends and emerging threats. Produce analytical reports that provide actionable insights on fraud patterns. Describe and explain fraud trends to merchants and non fraud departments. Identify ideas for new Machine Learning features or rules, working closely with Decision Science teams to improve model performance. Keep up to date on the latest fraud trends, researching web (dark and surface) and industry, and suggest counter measures.
---------------------- 
Desired Qualifications Data analytics & end user software ( Looker or S Q L) Strong S Q L and Python (or similar) skills to query relational databases Experience with data visualization in Looker, Tableau, or equivalent business intelligence tools
---------------------- 
As the Risk Analyst Intern, you will join a team of dedicated fraud experts in our Risk Intelligence team who play a pivotal role in fighting fraud and helping our customers succeed. You will be responsible for maximising model performance, reviews of online transactions, providing fraud insights, outwitting fraudsters and supporting key merchants understand their fraud pressures. You will make a big impact to advance the payment risk decisioning to the next level.
 The right candidate will be a fraud fighter with a great attitude, willingness to perform, and ability to get things done.
 Responsibilities:

 Analyse large data sets to identify and extrapolate fraud trends & revenue maximisation opportunities. Proposing effective and refined solutions.  
 Monitor and optimise merchant performance.
 Identify fraud patterns, trends and emerging threats.
 Produce analytical reports that provide actionable insights on fraud patterns.
 Describe and explain fraud trends to merchants and non fraud departments.
 Identify ideas for new Machine Learning features or rules, working closely with Decision Science teams to improve model performance.
 Keep up to date on the latest fraud trends, researching web (dark and surface) and industry, and suggest counter measures.

 About you:

 You possess an exceptional ability to make decisions with limited and conflicting information.
 You should have strong data analysis and interpretation skills.
 You have strong critical thinking skills with advanced judgment capability
 An ability to manage multiple assignments while working independently.
 Strong communication & presentation skills with internal and external stakeholders. 
 Competent use of G-suite ( Doc, Sheets, Slides) / Microsoft Office ( Excel).

 Desirable Skills:

 Data analytics & end user software ( Looker or S Q L)
 Strong S Q L and Python (or similar) skills to query relational databases
 Experience with data visualization in Looker, Tableau, or equivalent business intelligence tools

 Working Pattern:

4 day working week
10:00 am - 18:00 pm

 To know if we’re a great fit for you, you’ll:

 Be working towards or completed a degree in Business Technology, Business Analytics, Financial Technology, Financial Analytics, Business Economics
 Experience with data analytics & end user software such as Looker or S Q L is a bonus but not required 

 What will you get in return:

4 day work-week
 A competitive base salary of £18,000
 A performance related bonus
16 days of annual leave plus 8 public holidays
 Free snacks and drinks in the office 
 Have a great setup and working environment to help you do your job
 Take part in (or drive) our social/community events

 Application and Interview details:

 Please attach your most up to date C V
 Start Date: Summer 2024
 Length of Internship: 12 months 

# L I- Remote
 We are committed to equality of opportunity for all staff and applications from individuals are encouraged regardless of age, disability, sex, gender reassignment, sexual orientation, pregnancy and maternity, race, religion or belief and marriage and civil partnerships.
 Posted positions are not open to third party recruiters/agencies and unsolicited resume submissions will be considered free referrals.
 We want to provide an inclusive interview experience for all, including people with disabilities. We are happy to provide reasonable accommodations to candidates in need of individualized support during the hiring process.  Signifyd’s Applicant Privacy Notice
---------------------- 
