Mobilityware: Unity_Engineer_Internship  ------- 7-Feb
 
Company Stage N/ A Total Funding $13.8 M Founded1990 Headquarters Irvine, California
---------------------- 
Growth & Insights Headcount6 month growth↑ 1%1 year growth↑ 4%2 year growth↑ 22%
---------------------- 
Requirements In school for a B. S. in a computer science (or related) degree Some Unity C# experience with 2 D, U I, and/or Game Logic Learning to build reliable, maintainable code Excited about evergreen games that impact millions of players
---------------------- 
Responsibilities Be a client engineer that helps ship successful evergreen games Build, maintain, and enhance games in Unity C# Triage bugs, integrate S D K’s, and develop reliable code Develop tools, utilities, and pipelines for our designers, production staff, and artists Communicate timelines, own tasks, and participate in Scrums
---------------------- 
Desired Qualifications Growth mindset that embraces lifelong learning
---------------------- 
As a Software Engineer Intern at Mobility Ware, you’ll put your coding skills to the test this summer. You’ll work with our game teams on some of our most popular titles (and new ones too) as you help us bring joy to millions of gamers around the world. Don’t miss your chance to make your mark at one of mobile gaming’s premier developers.
 Responsibilities:

 Be a client engineer that helps ship successful evergreen games
 Build, maintain, and enhance games in Unity C#
 Triage bugs, integrate S D K’s, and develop reliable code
 Develop tools, utilities, and pipelines for our designers, production staff, and artists
 Communicate timelines, own tasks, and participate in Scrums

 Qualifications for Position:

 In school for a B. S. in a computer science (or related) degree
 Some Unity C# experience with 2 D, U I, and/or Game Logic
 Learning to build reliable, maintainable code
 A growth mindset that embraces lifelong learning
 Excited about evergreen games that impact millions of players

 A Little Bit About Us:
 Mobility Ware is one of the leading mobile game publishers of card and puzzle games. With our headquarters in the heart of Orange County and a new studio in Utah, we’re dedicated to our mission of bringing joy to others one game at a time. Each of us makes that happen by living our core values: Be Empowered, Be Adaptable, Do the Right Thing, Own It, Be Passionate, and Stay Hungry for lifelong learning.
 Ever since our flagship title Solitaire hit the Apple App Store on the day it opened in 2008, Mobility Ware has been entertaining gamers around the world. With a product portfolio that includes beloved hits such as Free Cell, Bubble Shooter Pop, Spades, Hearts, Mahjong, and Solitaire- Match 3, our games have been downloaded over 400 M I L L I O N times.
 Mobility Ware was recently named one of Built in L A’s Best Places to Work for the third year in a row and we’ve been recognized as one of the Best Places to Work in Orange County five times by the Orange County Business Journal and O C Register. While we’re proud to be the company behind some of mobile gaming’s most popular titles, our most important achievement is creating a work environment that encourages the professional growth of all our team members.
 Do we have your attention yet? Here are just a few of the reasons why you should spend your summer with Mobility Ware: 

 Our teams value creativity, collaboration and a commitment to excellence.  
 We’ve got amazing talent from across the industry.
 You’ll be part of an actual game team, developing real games.
 You’ll acquire the critical soft skills needed to succeed as a professional game developer.
 Our teams share feedback in real time, which increases your learning.
 We’re market leaders in multiple genres. Soak in everything you can, as fast as you can, to become your strongest you.
 Many of our interns have gone on to join us as full-time hires, developing a long, successful career in mobile gaming

 In compliance with local law, we are disclosing compensation for this role. Starting pay for a successful applicant will depend on a variety of job-related factors, which may include education, training, experience, certifications, location, business needs, or market demands. This range may be modified in the future. The hourly pay range for this internship position is $20- $35 per hour.
---------------------- 
