Seismic: Software_Engineer_Intern_Summer_2024  ------- 24-Jan
 
Company Overview Seismic helps marketing and sales teams fulfill their promise to drive revenue together.
---------------------- 
Company Stage N/ A Total Funding $748.6 M Founded2010 Headquarters San Diego, California
---------------------- 
Growth & Insights Headcount6 month growth↓ -2%1 year growth↓ -4%2 year growth↓ -1%
---------------------- 
Requirements Enrollment in S T E M majors with graduation in Spring 2025 Strong people skills and a desire to learn and teach tech High energy, enthusiasm, and ambition Excellent verbal and written communication skills Good organizational skills and attention to detail Understanding of a wide range of technologies
---------------------- 
Responsibilities Collaborate to build micro-service-based systems to support multiple different products for sharing and collaboration between sales and marketing departments Work with cloud architecture and ensure best engineering practices across multiple engineering teams Work in an Enterprise Saa S platform in an Agile, cloud-based environment Utilize a wide range of open source, cutting edge technologies for front end, back end, cloud, and Dev Ops
---------------------- 
Please be aware we have noticed an increase in hiring scams potentially targeting Seismic candidates. Read our full statement on our Career’s page.
 Seismic, a rapidly growing Forbes Cloud 100 company, is the global leader in enablement, helping make sales teams better by becoming more productive and engaging with buyers in a compelling way. Seismic’s platform provides continuous guidance to improve behavior, content, and skills to win more deals and deliver better experiences. Nearly 2,000 organizations including I B M and American Express have made Seismic their enablement platform of choice. Seismic integrates with business-critical platforms including Microsoft, Salesforce, Google and Adobe. Seismic is headquartered in San Diego, with offices across North America, Europe, Australia and China.
 Seismic is committed to building an inclusive workplace that ignites growth for our employees and creates a culture of belonging that allows all employees to be seen and valued for who they are. Learn more about D E I at Seismic here. Seismic is seeking  Back-end,  Front-end and  Cloud Engineering interns to join our Product & Engineering team for 12 weeks for the Summer of 2024! If you’re working toward a career in software development post grad, this is the opportunity for you! Let Seismic introduce you to the fast paced, innovative world of Enterprise Saa S product development.
 This is a hybrid experience with an expectation that you can commute to our Indianapolis office up to two days a week. Please note that if you are not based in Indianapolis year-round, Seismic is unable to cover housing expenses during the Summer Internship Program.
 With collaboration at the forefront, here’s what you’ll do: 

 Collaborate to build micro-service-based systems to support multiple different products to support the systems for sharing and collaboration between sales and marketing departments of our customers 
 Work with cloud architecture and ensure best engineering practices across multiple engineering teams.  
 Work in an Enterprise Saa S platform in an Agile, cloud-based environment  
 Utilize wide range of open source, cutting edge technologies such as:

 Front end: React, Typescripts, Graph Q L, Java Script
 Back End: C#/. N E T, Python, Node
 Cloud: Azure, A W S, Google Cloud, I B M
 Dev Ops: Terraform, Kubernetes, Ansible, Jenkins, Python  


 What we’re looking for:

 Students enrolled in S T E M majors, graduating in Spring 2025
 Strong people skills and a desire to learn and teach tech 
 High energy, enthusiasm, and ambition to ignite growth throughout your career
 Excellent verbal and written communication skills
 Good organizational skills and attention to detail
 Understanding of a wide range of technologies

# L I- D L1 Headquartered in San Diego and with employees across the globe, Seismic is the global leader in sales enablement, backed by firms such as Permira, Ameriprise Financial, E D B I, Lightspeed Venture Partners, and T. Rowe Price. Seismic also recently expanded its team and product portfolio with the acquisition of Percolate, Grapevine6, and Lessonly. Our board of directors is composed of several industry luminaries including John Thompson, former Chairman of the Board for Microsoft.
 Seismic is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to gender, age, race, religion, or any other classification which is protected by applicable law. 
 Please note this job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities that are required of the employee for this job. Duties, responsibilities and activities may change at any time with or without notice.
---------------------- 
