Forbes: Forbes_Summer_2024_Technology_Internship  ------- 24-Jan
 
Company Overview Forbes is on a mission to help drive change in business, society and culture.
---------------------- 
Company Stage N/ A Total Funding $231.2 M Founded1917 Headquarters Jersey City, New Jersey
---------------------- 
Growth & Insights Headcount6 month growth↑ 0%1 year growth↑ 2%2 year growth↑ 6%
---------------------- 
Requirements Experience in H T M L/ C S S/ Javascript, React, Kotlin, Java, Node. J S, A W S, G C P, Python, Node.js, Jenkins, Angular Analytical skills Excitement about creating tools for journalists
---------------------- 
Responsibilities Collaborate with cross-functional teams to develop, test, and maintain software and data solutions Contribute to the design and implementation of scalable and efficient code Debug and troubleshoot software issues
---------------------- 
Desired Qualifications Open-mindedness and eagerness to learn new tools and skillsets
---------------------- 
Forbes believes in the power of entrepreneurial capitalism and uses it on various platforms to ignite the conversations that drive systemic change in business, culture and society. We celebrate success and are committed to using our megaphone to drive diversity, equity and inclusion. Forbes is looking for multiple summer interns to join the tech team, collaborating together on exciting future-looking projects. Summer Interns will work closely with their manager/mentor as well as a project lead to plan and execute work in a collaborative team environment. This is an opportunity to work across technical disciplines bringing your specific interests and skills to the table, in a highly collaborative environment. If this sounds like the opportunity of a lifetime to you, it is! We are looking to hire interns with skills and interest in the following topics.

 Automation and Test Engineering
 Feature Development 
 Dev Ops, Cloud and Infrastructure

 Responsibilities:

 Collaborate with cross-functional teams to develop, test, and maintain software and data solutions
 Contribute to the design and implementation of scalable and efficient code
 Debug and troubleshoot software issues

 The Ideal Candidate:

 You have experience in any of H T M L/ C S S/ Javascript, React, Kotlin, Java, Node. J S, A W S, G C P, Python, Node.js, Jenkins, Angular.
 You are excited to deliver well documented work.
 You pride yourself on your analytical skills.
 You are excited about making something used by Journalists that write articles read the world over.
 You are open minded and eager to learn new tools and skillsets.

 About Our Summer Intern Program

 Our internships are paid.
 This internship is 40 hours/week Monday- Friday.
 This internship will take place from June 10 to August 16.
 You will join be joining an intern class of other students that will be placed throughout our various teams ( Editorial, Sales and Marketing, Tech and Product).
 Interns are invited to weekly presentations to hear from leaders within the organization.

 This role can be fully remote (within the U. S.), in-person based out of Jersey City, N J, or on a hybrid work schedule.
 The hourly rate for this role is $21.00 - $21.00
 Forbes has estimated the compensation range set forth above in good faith.  The compensation range is what we believe we will offer, and ultimately pay, a successful candidate.  In determining this range, we consider the experience, level of education (if applicable to the role), knowledge, skills, and abilities required to be had by a successful candidate as well as the budget and the company’s pay rates, generally. This said, we may have to make changes to our compensation estimates and job descriptions from time to time and we expressly reserve the right to do so.  Should we make any such changes, this advertisement will be revised to reflect such revisions.  We encourage you to occasionally re-visit this advertisement to ensure that you are abreast of any changes.  Thank you for your interest in joining Forbes!
# L I- Remote    Forbes aims to offer employees the flexibility they need in order to be successful. We offer a hybrid work schedule for our employees. Some roles may be fully remote (within the U. S.) if it aligns with the needs of the position
 Forbes is an equal opportunity employer.
 Staff and Applicant Privacy Notice Notice of E- Verify Participation
---------------------- 
