Addepar: Software_Engineer_Intern_Analysis_Workflows  ------- 22-Jan
 
Company Overview Addepar's mission is to create a more transparent financial system. The company provides wealth managers with real-time portfolio reporting and insights required to make and implement better investment decisions. By helping people achieve the best possible outcomes, Addepar aims to get more assets flowing into more impactful investments and ideas, benefiting our society as a whole.
---------------------- 
Company Stage Series F Total Funding $1.6 B Founded2009 Headquarters Mountain View, California
---------------------- 
Growth & Insights Headcount6 month growth↑ 1%1 year growth↑ 10%2 year growth↑ 37%
---------------------- 
Requirements Currently enrolled in a post-secondary educational institution in the U S & Canada Returning to school after the internship Available to intern for the full 12 weeks Outstanding talent in software engineering Excellent written and verbal communication skills Some understanding of development best practices and experience working in a team Driven to explore complex problems spaces objectively from multiple points of view Ability to learn in a fast-paced environment General familiarity with technologies such as H T T P, R E S T, web A P I best practices, Java, Python, React, My S Q L, Kafka Linux proficiency, basic shell scripting, and a good grasp of systems level programming (bonus) Specific experience in or knowledge of financial data systems (bonus)
---------------------- 
Responsibilities Join a team that is actively crafting core features within the product Implement backend focused improvements with the opportunity to perform full stack development Partner with product managers and designers to build compelling features Work with teammates to deliver client requested features to production
---------------------- 
Desired Qualifications Specific experience in or knowledge of financial data systems
---------------------- 
Who We Are
 Addepar is a global technology and data company that helps investment professionals provide the most informed, precise guidance for their clients. Hundreds of thousands of users have trusted Addepar to empower smarter investment decisions and better advice over the last decade. With client presence in more than 40 countries, Addepar’s platform aggregates portfolio, market and client data for over $5 trillion in assets. Addepar’s open platform integrates with more than 100 software, data and services partners to deliver a complete solution for a wide range of firms and use cases. Addepar embraces a global flexible workforce model with offices in Silicon Valley, New York City, Salt Lake City, Chicago, London, Dublin, Edinburgh, Scotland and Pune, India.
* Marketplace and brokerage services provided by Acervus Securities, Inc., an S E C registered broker‑dealer and member F I N R A / S I P C. Being a part of the Adde U Internship Program, you will be working on meaningful project(s) that you can feel proud of and present back to the company at the end of the experience. In addition to having a supporting manager and mentor, we have a fantastic onboarding program to get you acclimated and ready for your time with us. Fun events and super cool swag are also included!
 At the moment, our 12-week internship experience is remote. Dates are currently set for May - August 2024 but please consult with your recruiter. Seeking U S and Canadian students only.
 The Role
 We are currently seeking a Software Engineer Intern to join our Analysis, Widgets, and Dashboards Team ( A W D)! A W D is actively building out new modules and functionality for the next generation of Addepar’s core product.
 The ideal candidate is entrepreneurial-minded and thrives in a fast-paced and goal-driven environment. You have outstanding communication and collaboration skills and are able to work with a diverse group, get consensus, and drive the product forward. You are execution focused and emphasize getting things done while paying attention to important details.
 Engineering is at the core of Addepar, and we are looking to invite the best, brightest, and most passionate software engineers to join us! If you are looking for an exciting internship where you can make a huge impact, then we want to meet you! Our software engineers come from a variety of backgrounds, ranging from Silicon Valley entrepreneurs to finance tech veterans. What they have in common is tremendous talent and dedication to architecting, implementing, and shipping high quality software.
 Addepar takes a market-based approach to pay. A successful candidate’s starting pay will be determined based on the role, job-related skills, experience, qualifications, work location, and market conditions. The range displayed on each job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target base salary for roles in Colorado, California, and New York.
 The current range for this role is $34 - $53.
 Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for your preferred location during the hiring process. Additionally, these ranges reflect the base salary only, and do not include bonus, equity, or benefits.
 What You’ll Do

 Join a team that is actively crafting some of the core features within the product
 Implement backend focused improvements with the opportunity to perform full stack development depending on your interests
 Partner with product managers and designers to build compelling features
 Work with your teammates to deliver client requested features to production

 Who You Are 

 Must be currently enrolled in a post-secondary educational institution (university must be located in the U S & Canada) & must be returning to school after internship
 Available to intern for the full 12 weeks
 Outstanding talent in software engineering. Ability to write high quality object oriented code.
 Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
 Some understanding of development best practices and experience working in a team.
 Driven to explore complex problems spaces objectively from multiple points of view.
 Ability to learn in a fast paced environment
 General familiarity with some of the technologies we use: H T T P, R E S T and web A P I best practices. Java, Python, React, My S Q L, Kafka
 Linux proficiency, basic shell scripting and a good grasp of systems level programming is a plus.
 Bonus: Specific experience in or knowledge of financial data systems.
 Our Values 

 Act Like an Owner - Think and operate with intention, purpose and care. Own outcomes.
 Build Together - Collaborate to unlock the best solutions. Deliver lasting value. 
 Champion Our Clients - Exceed client expectations. Our clients’ success is our success. 
 Drive Innovation - Be bold and unconstrained in problem solving. Transform the industry. 
 Embrace Learning - Engage our community to broaden our perspective. Bring a growth mindset. 

 In addition to our core values, Addepar is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We seek to bring together diverse ideas, experiences, skill sets, perspectives, backgrounds and identities to drive innovative solutions. We commit to promoting a welcoming environment where inclusion and belonging are held as a shared responsibility.
 To ensure the health and safety of all Addepeeps and our prospective candidates, we have instituted a virtual interview and onboarding experience.
 We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation.
 P H I S H I N G S C A M W A R N I N G: Addepar is among several companies recently made aware of a phishing scam involving con artists posing as hiring managers recruiting via email, text and social media. The imposters are creating misleading email accounts, conducting remote “interviews,” and making fake job offers in order to collect personal and financial information from unsuspecting individuals. Please be aware that no job offers will be made from Addepar without a formal interview process. Additionally, Addepar will not ask you to purchase equipment or supplies as part of your onboarding process. If you have any questions, please reach out to [email protected].
---------------------- 
