Ultima_Genomics: Systems_Analytics_Intern  ------- 18-Jan
 
Company Overview Ultima Genomics is a pioneering company in the genomics industry, driving the scale of genomic information to enable significant advances in biology and human health. They have developed a unique sequencing architecture that not only scales beyond conventional technologies but also reduces the cost of genomic information, addressing the trade-offs between breadth, depth, and frequency of genomic use. This commitment to technical innovation, coupled with a strong focus on privacy and user consent, makes Ultima Genomics a leading player in the genomics industry and an attractive workplace for those seeking to make a meaningful impact in the field.
---------------------- 
Company Stage Series E Total Funding $644.6 M Founded2016 Headquarters Fremont, California
---------------------- 
Growth & Insights Headcount6 month growth↓ -3%1 year growth↓ -1%2 year growth↑ 26%
---------------------- 
Requirements Currently a student in an accredited degree program pursuing a bachelor’s or master’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or Physics At least 1 year of programming experience S Q A experience Overall cumulative G P A of 3.00 or higher Ability to work onsite, work full-time (40 hours per week) for at least 8 weeks during summer 2024
---------------------- 
Responsibilities Work in a fast-paced cross-functional, technologically advanced corporate environment in an internship program focused on developing individual engineers capable of pursuing careers in biotech Improve industry knowledge through a collaborative work environment Develop Software Quality Assurance ( S Q A) for internal facing analytics tools
---------------------- 
Desired Qualifications Self-motivated, detail-oriented, willing to learn, and interested in working in a team environment Great work ethic and an enthusiasm for problem-solving Good presentation, writing and communication skills Strong organizational and analytical skills
---------------------- 
Rapidly growing life sciences technology company
 Ultima Genomics is a rapidly growing company that is developing ground-breaking genomics technologies. Our mission is to continuously drive the scale of genomic information to enable unprecedented advances in biology and improvements in human health. We have developed a foundational new approach to sequencing at scale that overcomes limitations due to the high costs of current technologies. We are well-funded and have raised approximately $600 million from global top-tier investors. Our team brings together unique and diverse expertise across multiple disciplines, from healthcare and life sciences, to engineering, to technology and software and beyond. We are a collaborative group of more than 350 employees, including successful entrepreneurs, chemists, hardware and software engineers, genomics and biotechnology experts, molecular and computational biologists, software and algorithm experts, and operations and commercial leaders. Join us to develop and commercialize technologies that unleash the power of genomics at scale and empower the future of human health.  We are looking for highly motivated Interns to join our System Analytics team!
 We are an analytics and bioinformatics team in a high-tech, fast-paced, R& D environment. We produce internal-facing tools to monitor sequencer performance and uncover drivers of data quality. Our customers and collaborators are scientists and engineers across the company, from biology and chemistry to optics and systems engineering. Our internship program offers real-life, hands-on biotech analytics experience, coaching and mentoring, and networking opportunities. Experience what it’s like to work in a company that is developing ground-breaking genomics technology and products that will transform the future of medical and life sciences.   
 This internship also offers graduates priority consideration for full-time hires in 2025.
 How You’ll Contribute

 Work in a fast-paced cross-functional, technologically advanced corporate environment in an internship program focused on developing individual engineers capable of pursuing careers in biotech
 Improve your industry knowledge through a collaborative work environment
 Develop Software Quality Assurance ( S Q A) for internal facing analytics tools

 Qualifications, Skills, Knowledge & Abilities

 Currently a student in an accredited degree program pursuing a bachelor’s or master’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or Physics.
 At least 1 year of programming experience
 S Q A experience
 Have an overall cumulative G P A of 3.00 or higher
 Ability to work onsite, work full-time (40 hours per week) for at least 8 weeks during summer 2024
 Self-motivated, detail-oriented, willing to learn, and interested in working in a team environment
 Great work ethic and an enthusiasm for problem-solving
 Good presentation, writing and communication skills
 Strong organizational and analytical skills

 What to include when you apply: 

 Cover letter should include:

 Description of your relevant experience and qualifications
 List your availability for the internship (start date and end date)
 Expected graduation year
 How you found out about the internship

 Resume ( P D F)
 Unofficial academic transcripts
 A project portfolio, Git Hub repository, or sample work of any kind, if possible

 At Ultima Genomics, this internship pays between $29and $35 per hour, and your hourly rate will depend on your skills, qualifications, experience, and location. 
# L I- D N I Ultima Genomics is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We provide equal employment opportunity for all applicants and employees. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), gender identity, gender expression, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, military or veteran status, marital status, domestic partner status, sexual orientation, genetic information, or any other basis protected by applicable laws. See also Ultima Genomics’ E E O Policy and E E O is the Law. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know by contacting [email protected].
---------------------- 
