Relay: Site_Reliability_Engineer_Intern  ------- 18-Jan
 
Company Overview Relay is on a mission to help frontline workers by building a platform that makes them feel better, faster, and safer than ever before. Relay has designed, built, and launched an entirely new product category – a simple, rugged, internet-enabled smart-device and all the software that runs it – that is disrupting the handheld radio industry for B2 B enterprise clients and non-desk workers.
---------------------- 
Company Stage Series A Total Funding $13 M Founded2015 Headquarters Raleigh, North Carolina
---------------------- 
Growth & Insights Headcount6 month growth↑ 11%1 year growth↑ 55%2 year growth↑ 92%
---------------------- 
Requirements Currently enrolled in a Computer Science or equivalent course of study1+ years of development experience in Python Strong development skills including knowledge of object-oriented programming ( O O P) fundamentals and design patterns Ability to work well in a team environment and have empathy for others Strong communication and problem solving skills Commitment to tackle challenging problems, and hungry to learn Care deeply about quality and the customer experience Adaptable to change, can operate independently and with initiative
---------------------- 
Responsibilities Develop automation to create and maintain systems Manage access to systems Design and develop software tools for system management, monitoring, analysis, etc. Experience supporting a production systems in a 24/7 environment Support development systems during normal office hours Implement tools to enable teams to go faster, contribute directly to product functionality, and triage and resolve issues Analyze requirements to determine the feasibility and architecture of proposed projects and solutions, including risk assessment and simple project estimation Participate in the team’s software development process and tooling Develop new automation strategies for sophisticated and growing distributed systems Have a strong interest in researching best practices in software development, and sharing new knowledge with the team
---------------------- 
Desired Qualifications Ansible experience is a plus, but not required
---------------------- 
If you are a current student looking for an opportunity with a company you can grow with…look no further!  We are seeking a part-time or full-time intern to join our Product Engineering team. We are interested in students who are in their final year of college within computer science, computer engineering, or a related discipline with professional/intern experience. Knowledge of various programming and database/network technologies, with a particular emphasis on Python are strongly preferred. This paid internship will start at a minimum of 15 hours per week with room to grow into a full time role during extended breaks or after graduation.
 As an intern with Relay, you will have the opportunity to work with top engineers in the industry on cutting edge technologies including Java, Android, R E S T A P Is, networking, telecommunication, cloud services, and Python. This is a small team with a large variety of responsibilities, so you may engage in a large breadth of topics. 
 Relay is a cloud-based technology platform that helps frontline teams (80% of the global workforce) improve communications, increase employee safety, and digitize their physical workflows to become more data-driven and efficient. Relay helps frontline teams digitally transform their operations with the modern tools they need to be successful and the actionable real-time data they need to track performance and improve their operations. Software has not yet transformed the frontline world, and Relay is on a mission to change that. For more information, visit www.relaypro.com. Relay is reinventing the way frontline workers communicate, and now you have the opportunity to learn and grow with us. Take the next step in your career and apply!
 Primary Responsibilities:

 Develop automation to create and maintain systems
 Manage access to systems
 Design and develop software tools for system management, monitoring, analysis, etc.
 Experience supporting a production systems in a 24/7 environment 
 Support development systems during normal office hours.
 The entire Engineering team creates and improves with the confidence and pride necessary to run and support a 24/7 product. An S R E embodies this philosophy as an active stakeholder in the smooth operation of all Engineering systems.
 In close coordination with other engineers in complex environments on a combination of the following: implement tools to enable teams to go faster, contribute directly to product functionality, and triage and resolve issues.
 Analyze requirements to determine the feasibility and architecture of proposed projects and solutions, including risk assessment and simple project estimation. 
 Participate in the team’s software development process and tooling.
 Develop new automation strategies for sophisticated and growing distributed systems.
 Have a strong interest in researching best practices in software development, and sharing new knowledge with the team. 

 Required Qualifications: 

 Currently enrolled in a Computer Science or equivalent course of study.
1+ years of development experience in Python. Ansible experience is a plus, but not required.
 Strong development skills including knowledge of object-oriented programming ( O O P) fundamentals and design patterns.
 Ability to work well in a team environment and have empathy for others.
 Strong communication and problem solving skills.
 Commitment to tackle challenging problems, and hungry to learn.
 Care deeply about quality and the customer experience. Build elegant and simple solutions.
 Adaptable to change, can operate independently and with initiative.
 Evaluate ideas based on merit, and consistently work to generate customer value.

 Our Values at Relay 
 We are a team of ~170 team members who are...
 Committed to the mission: We are engaged and invested in our mission and do what it takes to deliver on that mission.
 Hungry to learn and grow: We aggressively seek to learn and improve, both corporately as a business and individually as people.
 Adaptable to change: When we are faced with uncertainty, we attack it head on. We see the opportunity and not the failure.
 Smart problem solvers: We are solution oriented, lean on data and new learnings to open-mindedly go beyond our own conditioning and past experiences.
 Empathetic and oriented to serving others: We actively listen and withhold judgment until we hear other perspectives with an open mind. We assume the best of intents in people.
---------------------- 
