Point72: 2025_Point72_Academy_Investment_Analyst_Summer_Internship_Program_US  ------- 17-Jan
 
Company Overview Point72 Asset Management, under the leadership of Steven Cohen, is a global investment firm that values entrepreneurial thinking and continuous adaptation, fostering a culture where ideas are welcomed from all levels within the organization. The firm's competitive advantage lies in its commitment to superior risk-adjusted returns and high ethical standards, backed by over a quarter-century of investing experience. Point72's industry leadership is evident in its strategic use of data to shape decision-making and its dedication to developing its talent, positioning it as a promising workplace for those seeking to shape the future of finance.
---------------------- 
Company Stage Private Total Funding $645.2 M Founded2014 Headquarters Stamford, Connecticut
---------------------- 
Growth & Insights Headcount6 month growth↑ 10%1 year growth↑ 32%2 year growth↑ 70%
---------------------- 
Requirements Graduating between December 2025 and July 2026 High enthusiasm for the financial services industry Excellent communication skills (verbal and written) Self-motivation Fascinated by research and problem-solving Committed to continued success in academic and professional career Commitment to the highest ethical standards Highly self-driven and motivated to explore a career in finance
---------------------- 
Responsibilities Acquire fundamental knowledge and skills necessary to contribute as an analyst Receive training in accounting, modeling, presenting, and compliance Collaborate with an investment team Work closely with Academy coaches Delve deeper into data analysis and prepare a final pitch on an investment idea
---------------------- 
Desired Qualifications Interest in analyzing companies and looking at stocks
---------------------- 
Are you a student interested in pursuing a career in investing? If you are graduating between December 2025 and July 2026, we invite you to apply for our 8-week summer internship, taking place from June to August 2025.
 T H E P O I N T72 A C A D E M Y S U M M E R I N T E R N S H I P — U S
 Launch your investing career in the Point72 Academy, an equities analyst training program that will provide you with the tools and knowledge to build a career in our ever-evolving industry. Since 2015, the Academy has graduated more than 175 analysts onto our platform; some are portfolio managers today.
 The Point72 Academy Summer Internship is a combination of classroom instruction, portfolio casework, and mentorship. The program is designed to give you insights into finance, research, and the workings of the public markets and prepare you for the full-time Academy Associate Program. 
 During the internship, you will:

 Acquire fundamental knowledge and skills necessary to contribute as an analyst, alongside your peers.
 Receive training in accounting, modeling, presenting, and compliance.
 Collaborate with an investment team, gaining firsthand experience of the daily life of an equities analyst and exposure to one of the sectors covered by our Portfolio Managers.
 Work closely with Academy coaches, delving deeper into data analysis and preparing a final pitch on an investment idea.

 A B O U T P O I N T72
 Point72 is a global asset management firm that prioritizes developing the careers of our portfolio managers ( P Ms) and analysts. For 30 years, we have been empowering our investment professionals to pursue greatness. Here, you can play to your strengths and grow your career as an investor, learn from peers with proven expertise, and leverage world-class resources.
 We’re a firm that thrives on ideas, and we’ve found that the Point72 Academy has provided us with diverse viewpoints and perspectives, and we are able to offer support in their growth and development as analysts and portfolio managers.
 W H O W E’ R E L O O K I N G F O R: 

 We welcome students from all academic disciplines. Your field of study or major is not a determining factor; we seek individuals who can effectively manage teamwork, exhibit integrity, possess intellectual curiosity, demonstrate leadership potential, and express a keen interest in the financial markets. 
 Students should have a high enthusiasm for the financial services industry. Interest in analyzing companies and looking at stocks is recommended given the project-based nature of this program. 
 Candidates with excellent communication skills (verbal and written) and high levels of self-motivation. 

  W E W A N T Y O U T O A P P L Y I F Y O U A R E: 

 A current student who will graduate from university between December 2025 and July 2026.  
 Fascinated by research and problem-solving, relentlessly curious, and constantly expanding your horizons.  
 Committed to continued success in your academic and professional career with the highest levels of professionalism, integrity,and excellence. 
 Commitment to the highest ethical standards
 Highly self-driven and motivated to explore a career in finance.  

 W H A T T O E X P E C T: 

 Your online application, essays and resume will serve as an introduction to who you are as a candidate. Once you complete the online application, we will begin reviewing your profile.
 Selected candidates will then receive an email invitation to participate in a case study, allowing you to showcase your experiences and demonstrate your business acumen. 
 Following submission and review of your case study, the next step would be a virtual one on one interviews with various members of the Academy team, if selected. 

 There is no set application deadline for this position. We strongly encourage you to apply and fulfill all requirements as soon as you feel ready to begin the hiring process. Please note, you may only submit one application to the Academy internship program globally, so please be sure to apply to the region you are most interested in. Non- U S applications will open soon. 
 Don’t miss this opportunity to kickstart your career in the world of investing with Point72 Academy.
 The U S annual base salary range is $120,000 – 140,000 which will be prorated based on internship start and end date. Actual compensation offered to the successful candidate may vary from posted hiring range based upon geographic location, work experience, education, and/or skill level, among other things. Base salary for internships outside of the United States will depend on local market compensation. Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
 Please note that any use of Gen A I is strictly prohibited when completing this application. 
---------------------- 
