MyFitnessPal: Business_Intelligence_Analyst_Intern_Summer_2024  ------- 16-Jan
 
Company Overview My Fitness Pal is on a mission to be the global catalyst for every “body” to achieve their healthy. My Fitness Pal provides powerful tools that make it easier for everyone to live a healthier life by tracking meals and physical activity. 
---------------------- 
Company Stage Series A Total Funding $18 M Founded2005 Headquarters Austin, Texas
---------------------- 
Growth & Insights Headcount6 month growth↓ -3%1 year growth↑ 3%2 year growth↑ 24%
---------------------- 
Requirements Current, full-time college student with at least one academic term remaining following an internship Experience in S Q L Experience with B I tools such as Tableau, Amplitude ( Looker, Power B I, etc) Passion for analysis and using data to drive business decisions Reliable access to the internet and comfortable in a remote working environment
---------------------- 
Responsibilities Contribute to growth and analysis of core marketing metrics Utilize data products like Snowflake and Tableau to build dynamic visualizations Produce insights involving consumer behavior, market trends, and drivers for marketing performance Evolve current processes and various technologies to improve customer benefits Collaborate with other analysts and engineers to drive action throughout the business Develop and deliver a project while learning something new, in an area of interest and with autonomy Be mentored by an experienced teammate through the internship and advance in career goals Show off work and impact to the entire company at the end of the internship Connect, learn and hear from Business Intelligence leaders and executives at My Fitness Pal
---------------------- 
Desired Qualifications Curious Mindset
---------------------- 
At My Fitness Pal, our vision is to be the most trusted brand for improving your health through better food choices. We believe good health starts with what you eat. We provide the tools and resources to reach your weight management goals. My Fitness Pal, you’ll have the opportunity to spend 10 week with our Business Intelligence Team and work on projects that directly impact our product and users.
 We are looking for an enthusiastic and motivated Business Intelligence Analyst Intern to join the My Fitness Pal Business Intelligence Team. You will join a growing analyst team in My Fitness Pal and research, interpret, and support marketing metrics to better understand market trends and consumer behavior. Marketing support spans all facets of marketing including content, product, C R M, S E O, and performance marketing. The Business Intelligence team is a great place to be at My Fitness Pal - we are on the pulse of the business; responsible for Top K P Is, Monitoring and Alerts, A B Testing, Data Democratization and Strategic Insights.
 What you’ll be doing:

 Be a contributor to growth and analysis of our core marketing metrics 
 Utilize data products like Snowflake and Tableau to build dynamic visualizations
 Work to produce insights involving consumer behavior, market trends, and drivers for marketing performance
 Evolve current processes and various technologies to find how they might connect and improve the customer benefits we wish to deliver
 Collaborate with other analysts and engineers to drive action throughout the business
 Develop and deliver a project while learning something new, in an area of your interest and with autonomy
 Be mentored by an experienced teammate through the internship and advance in your career goals
 Show off your work and impact to the entire company at the end of your internship
 Connect, learn and hear from Business Intelligence leaders and executives at My Fitness Pal
 Live our core values in all you do:

 Be Kind and Care
 Live Good Health
 Be Data- Inspired
 Champion Change
 Leave it Better than You Found It
 Make It Happen


 Qualifications to be successful in this role:

 Be a current, full-time college student with at least one academic term remaining following an internship at My Fitness Pal. The following students are generally eligible:

 Undergraduate students graduating between December 2024 and May 2025 (rising Juniors or Seniors)
 Students completing their master’s degree between December 2024 and May 2025
 Full Time M B A students between the 1st and 2nd year of their program


 Experience in S Q L
 Experience with B I tools such as Tableau, Amplitude ( Looker, Power B I, etc)
 Passion for analysis and using data to drive business decisions
 Curious Mindset - We are looking for someone who enjoys seeking the truth through data - if you ever found yourself bringing in out-of-the-box datasets and theories because you just had to figure out why a number moved, this is the job for you
 Reliable access to the internet and comfortable in a remote working environment

 Perks & Benefits

 Paid internship with potential conversion to full time upon graduation
 Remote equal philosophy enabling you to work from any state in which we have operations in the continental U. S. (currently, not including A K)
 A dynamic, motivating and fun work environment
 Mentorship and guidance from senior staff and leadership
 Opportunity to work on a product with a positive impact on people’s lives

 Please consider applying even if you don’t meet 100% of the qualifications. Research shows you can still be considered for a position if you meet some of the requirements. At My Fitness Pal, we’re building a fitness product for everyone and believe our team should reflect that. We encourage people of different backgrounds, experiences, abilities and perspectives to apply.
 This position pays $25.00 per hour. In addition, there is an opportunity for high-performing interns to convert full time upon graduation, and in doing so, you would be eligible for the following benefits listed below: Exciting Full- Time Employee Benefits, Perks and Culture
 Embrace the Freedom: Be a digital nomad, work from anywhere we have operations within the continental U. S. 
 Office Vibes: If you prefer working in an office, we’ve got you covered, our H Q is in vibrant Austin, T X.
 Face-to- Face Connections: We value personal connections. Enjoy opportunities to meet and connect with your team members in person to help forge meaningful relationships that extend beyond the virtual realm. Teams meet as often as needed and all of My Fitness Pal gathers annually.
 Flexibility At Its Best: Achieve the work-life balance you deserve. Enjoy a flexible time-off policy and work on your own terms with our Responsible Time Off benefit. 
 Give Back: Use  your volunteer days off to support what matters most to you. Each full time teammate receives 2 days per calendar year to give back to their community through service.
 Mentorship Program: Take control of your career through our mentorship program where, if you’d like, you will be matched with a teammate who can help you scale your skills and propel your growth.
 Family- Friendly Support: Embrace the journey with confidence and care. Enjoy our paid maternity and paternity leave, to provide time to balance family responsibilities with your career and take the time needed to strengthen family relationships.  We understand the complexities of starting or expanding a family, which is why we provide best-in-class comprehensive assistance for fertility-related matters. 
 Wellness Comes First: Live Good Health is one of our core values. Receive a monthly Wellness Allowance, empowering you to focus on your physical and mental well-being by choosing from a range of wellness initiatives, including dedicated mental health days.
 Celebrate Greatness: Your hard work deserves recognition! Our reward and recognition platform empowers peers to acknowledge and reward each other for the exceptional contributions they make. 
 Elevate Your Health & Fitness: Get access to My Fitness Pal Premium, allowing you to take your fitness, health and wellness journey to new heights.
 Unlock Your Potential: Access our virtual learning and development library, and participate in training opportunities  to continuously grow and enhance your skills. 
 Championing Inclusion: Our dedicated D E I Committee actively fosters a diverse and inclusive workplace by setting actionable goals and evaluating progress across the organization.
 Healthcare Matters: Your well-being is our priority. Take advantage of our competitive medical, dental, and vision benefits that cater to your holistic healthcare needs. Feel secure and supported on your wellness journey.
 Secure Your Future: Benefit from our retirement savings program, giving you peace of mind for your financial goals. Reach them sooner with My Fitness Pal’s competitive employer match.
 At My Fitness Pal, our mission is to enable people to make healthy choices. And it wouldn’t be possible without our team. We celebrate the unique P O V that each person brings to the table and believe in a collaborative and inclusive environment. As an equal opportunity employer, we prohibit any unlawful discrimination on the basis of race, religion, military or veteran status, sex, gender, marital status, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, age, or disability. These are our guiding ideologies and apply across all aspects of employment.
 My Fitness Pal participates in E- Verify. 
---------------------- 
