Momentive: Technical_Intern  ------- 12-Jan
 
Company Overview Momentive's mission is to power the curious so they can shape what’s next. For brave and ambitious teams, organizations, and communities, Momentive helps turn insight into action, empowering you to grow, innovate, and change what’s possible.
---------------------- 
Company Stage Private Total Funding $1.5 B Founded1999 Headquarters San Mateo, California
---------------------- 
Growth & Insights Headcount6 month growth↓ -3%1 year growth↓ -14%2 year growth↓ -19%
---------------------- 
Requirements Currently enrolled as a Junior (graduating in Spring 2025) pursuing a Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or a similar degree Solid C S fundamentals (data structures and algorithms) Experience with programming languages such as Java Script or Python Experience with web frameworks such as React Eagerness to learn and get hands-on experience with the latest technologies Willingness to manage a project from start to finish Strong analytical and problem-solving skills Excellent written and verbal communication skills Strong work ethic and desire to have fun working with great people
---------------------- 
Responsibilities Contribute to our products alongside our full-time Engineering teams Build a solution while working on a frontend, backend, or fullstack project Be assigned a specific project within one of our teams and have a dedicated mentor and manager to support you throughout the program Be invited to social and developmental events that will provide accessibility to leadership, social responsibility, and team-building opportunities
---------------------- 
Survey Monkey is a global leader in online surveys and forms that empowers people with the insights they need to make decisions with speed and confidence. Our fast, intuitive feedback management platform connects millions of users worldwide with real-time A I-powered insights that drive meaningful decisions. We provide answers to more than 20 million questions every day so that people and organizations can attract new audiences, delight customers, create advocates, and extend their competitive advantage in the marketplace. Our vision is to raise the bar for human experiences by amplifying individual voices. Learn more at surveymonkey.com. What we’re looking for
 As a Software Engineer Intern, you’ll contribute to our products alongside our full-time Engineering teams. You’ll build a solution while working on a frontend, backend, or fullstack project. You’ll be given all of the tools necessary to be successful while learning from accomplished engineers in a welcoming and constructive environment.
 What you’ll be working on

 You will be assigned a specific project within one of our teams and have a dedicated mentor and manager to support you throughout the program
 You will be invited to social and developmental events that will provide accessibility to leadership, social responsibility, and team-building opportunities

 We’d love to hear from people with

 Currently enrolled as a Junior (graduating in Spring 2025) pursuing a Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or a similar degree
 Solid C S fundamentals (data structures and algorithms)
 Experience with programming languages such as Java Script or Python
 Experience with web frameworks such as React
 Eagerness to learn and get hands-on experience with the latest technologies
 Willingness to manage a project from start to finish
 Strong analytical and problem-solving skills
 Excellent written and verbal communication skills
 Strong work ethic and desire to have fun working with great people

# L I-remote Why Survey Monkey? We’re glad you asked 
 Survey Monkey is a place where the curious come to grow. We’re building an inclusive workplace where people of every background can excel no matter their time zone. At Survey Monkey, we weave employee feedback into everything we do to create forward-looking benefits policies, employee programs, and an award-winning culture, including best workplace for parents, our annual holiday refresh, our annual week of service, and our C. H. O. I. C. E Fund. In addition, we’ve reimagined the way we work to allow employees to choose what works best for them -- working in-person, fully remote, or a hybrid model that combines the two through our Choice Model. 
 Our commitment to an inclusive workplace
 Survey Monkey is an equal opportunity employer committed to providing a workplace free from harassment and discrimination. We celebrate the unique differences of our employees because that is what drives curiosity, innovation, and the success of our business. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status, pregnancy, parental status, genetic information, political affiliation, or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate. Accommodations are available for applicants with disabilities.
---------------------- 
