Harbinger_Motors: Software_Engineer_Intern_Summer_2024  ------- 7-Feb
 
Company Stage Series A Total Funding $84.7 M Founded2021 Headquarters Gardena, California
---------------------- 
Growth & Insights Headcount6 month growth↑ 35%1 year growth↑ 100%2 year growth↑ 165%
---------------------- 
Requirements Familiarity with C/ C++, Python, Embedded Linux, Qt/ Qml Experience with unit-test frameworks: slash, junit, google test, vector Cast, etc. Experience with requirements authoring tools: Polarion, D O O R S, Jama, vizure, etc. Strong analytical and problem-solving skills Experience in using version controls systems (e.g., Github, Gitlab, Bitbucket, etc.) Experience with continuous integration systems: jenkins, gitlab, circleci, travisci, etc. Experience with cloud based storage A P Is, and automation
---------------------- 
Responsibilities Develop user interface module code in C/ C++, Python, Qt/ Qml, Embedded Linux Determine feature / functional requirements for information cluster, center screen, telematics module, other user interface modules. Implement communication interfaces for vehicle data and diagnostics Develop and execute unit-tests for software verification Make additions to development pipelines for software deployment Support development of diagnostic tools for service, manufacturing, and customers Root-cause reported issues with software, including in-vehicle problem diagnosis Utility python scripting for development aid
---------------------- 
Desired Qualifications Experience with the following protocols a bonus: U D S, Do I P, M Q T T Experience with web development a bonus: React, Go, Terraform, Typescript / Java Script, and other relevant software tools
---------------------- 
About Harbinger
 Harbinger Motors Inc. is a Southern California-based electric vehicle manufacturer on a mission to transform the automotive and transportation industries, bringing to market E Vs developed from the ground up to address the needs of the Medium Duty vehicle industry. This broad, and to date poorly addressed, market segment includes class 4 to 7 commercial delivery vehicles, R Vs and utility vehicles, among others. Leveraging a foundation of proprietary, in-house developed vehicle technologies, Harbinger’s first-of-its-kind E V platform will bring enhancements in vehicle performance, durability and operator comfort. And importantly, Harbinger’s vehicles will be priced for zero acquisition premium relative to traditional gas- and diesel-based competitors, removing one of the most tenacious barriers to E V adoption.
 Harbinger’s team, with operations in Southern California and Michigan, includes industry veterans with expertise in powertrain, battery, chassis and software development, along with leaders in advanced manufacturing, corporate development, operations and finance. Our team members come from leading innovators, both in and out of the automotive industry, including Tesla, Rivian, Canoo, Ford, Anduril, and Space X.
 Founded in 2021, Harbinger is a venture-backed startup on a rapid growth trajectory, looking for candidates that thrive on tackling complex challenges and who share in our passion to bring clean transportation alternatives to a segment of the market starving for innovation.
 Job Summary:
 Harbinger Motors is seeking a Software Engineering Intern to contribute to the development of vehicle software for an electric medium duty chassis. The position will contribute directly to the development and validation of vehicle and user interface software, and more broadly help develop a vehicle product which is a technological step forward in the space.
 Job Responsibilities:

 Develop user interface module code in C/ C++, Python, Qt/ Qml, Embedded Linux
 Determine feature / functional requirements for information cluster, center screen, telematics module, other user interface modules.
 Implement communication interfaces for vehicle data and diagnostics 
 Develop and execute unit-tests for software verification 
 Make additions to development pipelines for software deployment 
 Support development of diagnostic tools for service, manufacturing, and customers 
 Root-cause reported issues with software, including in-vehicle problem diagnosis 
 Utility python scripting for development aid

 Required Skills:

 Familiarity with C/ C++, Python, Embedded Linux, Qt/ Qml
 Experience with unit-test frameworks: slash, junit, google test, vector Cast, etc.
 Experience with requirements authoring tools: Polarion, D O O R S, Jama, vizure, etc.
 Strong analytical and problem-solving skills
 Experience in using version controls systems (e.g., Github, Gitlab, Bitbucket, etc.)
 Experience with continuous integration systems: jenkins, gitlab, circleci, travisci, etc.
 Experience with cloud based storage A P Is, and automation
 Experience with the following protocols a bonus: U D S, Do I P, M Q T T
 Experience with web development a bonus: React, Go, Terraform, Typescript / Java Script, and other relevant software tools
 Equal Opportunity
 Harbinger is an equal opportunity employer and complies with all applicable federal, state, and local fair employment practices laws. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, ancestry, sex, sexual orientation, gender, gender expression, gender identity, genetic information or characteristics, physical or mental disability, marital/domestic partner status, age, military/veteran status, medical condition, or any other characteristic protected by law.
 
 Harbinger is committed to ensuring that our hiring process is accessible for persons with disabilities. If you have a disability or limitation, such as those covered by the Americans with Disabilities Act, that requires accommodations to assist you in the search and application process, please email us at [email protected].
 
 Candidate Data Privacy
 Harbinger may collect, use and disclose your personal information or personal data (within the meaning of the applicable data protection laws) when you apply for employment and/or participate in our recruitment processes (“ Candidate Personal Data”). This data includes contact, demographic, communications, educational, professional, employment, social media/website, network/device, recruiting system usage/interaction, security and preference information. Harbinger may use your Candidate Personal Data for the purposes of (i) tracking interactions with our recruiting system; (ii) carrying out, analyzing and improving our application and recruitment process, including assessing you and your application and conducting employment, background and reference checks; (iii) establishing an employment relationship or entering into an employment contract with you; (iv) complying with our legal, regulatory and corporate governance obligations; (v) recordkeeping; (vi) ensuring network and information security and preventing fraud; and (vii) as otherwise required or permitted by applicable law.
 
 Harbinger may share your Candidate Personal Data with (i) internal personnel who have a need to know such information in order to perform their duties, including individuals on our H R, legal, and finance teams, and the team(s) with the position(s) for which you are applying; (ii) Harbinger affiliates; and (iii) Harbinger’s service providers, including providers of background checks, staffing services, and cloud services.
 
 Harbinger may transfer or store internationally your Candidate Personal Data, including to or in the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, and the European Union and in the cloud, and this data may be subject to the laws and accessible to the courts, law enforcement and national security authorities of such jurisdictions.
 
 Please note that we are currently not accepting applications from third party application services. Any unsolicited resumes or candidate profiles submitted in response to our job posting shall be considered the property of Harbinger and are not subject to payment of referral or placement fees if any such candidate is later hired by Harbinger unless you have a signed written agreement in place with us which covers the applicable job posting.

---------------------- 
