Fastly: Software_Engineer_Summer_Undergraduate_Intern  ------- 8-Jan
 
Company Overview Fastly offers a secure and efficient edge cloud platform, trusted by leading companies like Reddit, Pinterest, and The New York Times, to enhance website and application performance. It provides a unique competitive advantage with its serverless compute platform, Compute@ Edge, which allows businesses to optimize delivery and response times by running code within the C D N itself. The company's culture emphasizes smart solutions and seamless integration, making it an ideal workplace for those interested in cutting-edge technology and global scalability.
---------------------- 
Company Stage Series F Total Funding $219 M Founded2011 Headquarters San Francisco, California
---------------------- 
Growth & Insights Headcount6 month growth↑ 8%1 year growth↑ 13%2 year growth↑ 31%
---------------------- 
Requirements Pursuing a Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, C I S/ M I S, Cybersecurity, Business or a related field, graduating December 2024 thru Summer 2025 Proficiency and experience with at least one or more of the following: Java, C++, Golang, Rust, Java Script, Python, Ruby Ability to commit to a 12 week summer internship between May- August Strong communications skills, specifically, the absence of repeated grammatical or typographical errors, clear and concise written and spoken communications, and communications that demonstrate professional judgment
---------------------- 
Responsibilities Work both independently and collaboratively within a fast-paced development team, with clear, positive, and constructive communication Participate in all aspects of software development activities including design, coding, testing, bug fixing, documentation and deployment Participate in daily or weekly stand ups and team meetings as part of a full immersive experience Grow with the support of your team and help others on the team grow by providing thoughtful feedback and uplifting those around you Build your professional network through our Mentor/ Buddy Program, Employee Resource Group ( E R G) programs and social networking experiences Additional responsibilities as needed based on specific role or team
---------------------- 
Desired Qualifications Applicable technical background with analytical and problem-solving skills Previous related experience in software engineering (applicable coursework, projects, internships, etc.) Passion for writing code that is performant, maintainable, clear, and concise Strong interest in building, analyzing, profiling, or debugging systems Eager to learn new domains, grow your skills, and move up the stack Ability and desire to collaborate with teams Able to effectively manage your time to meet deadlines Depending on the team, there may be additional preferred skills needed
---------------------- 
Fastly helps people stay better connected with the things they love. Fastly’s edge cloud platform enables customers to create great digital experiences quickly, securely, and reliably by processing, serving, and securing our customers’ applications as close to their end-users as possible — at the edge of the Internet. The platform is designed to take advantage of the modern internet, to be programmable, and to support agile software development. Fastly’s customers include many of the world’s most prominent companies, including Vimeo, Pinterest, The New York Times, and Git Hub.
 We’re building a more trustworthy Internet. Come join us. Software Engineer, Summer Undergraduate Intern
 Fastly Engineering designs, builds, & maintains the systems that make the internet a better place where all experiences are fast, safe, and engaging. From bare metal in our data centers all the way up through the interfaces that our customers use every day. With over 1.4 trillion requests per day and 233 Tbsp of global connected capacity, working in Fastly Engineering means making an impact around the world. 
 We are looking for industrious, creative, aspiring software engineers with experience and/or interest in making the web better. Fastly’s summer internship program will run for 12 weeks (between May- August). During this time, you will be embedded within an engineering team to contribute and collaborate on specific projects. You will also be paired up with a mentor to guide you throughout the program and help with your career goals. At the end of the program, there will be a performance-based selection process where interns will have an opportunity to be considered to join Fastly full-time after graduation.
 What You’ll Do

 Work both independently and collaboratively within a fast-paced development team, with clear, positive, and constructive communication
 Participate in all aspects of software development activities including design, coding, testing, bug fixing, documentation and deployment
 Participate in daily or weekly stand ups and team meetings as part of a full immersive experience
 Grow with the support of your team and help others on the team grow by providing thoughtful feedback and uplifting those around you
 Build your professional network through our Mentor/ Buddy Program, Employee Resource Group ( E R G) programs and social networking experiences
 Additional responsibilities as needed based on specific role or team

 Work Hours: This position will require you to be available during core business hours.
 What We’re Looking For
 Basic Qualifications:

 Pursuing a Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, C I S/ M I S, Cybersecurity, Business or a related field, graduating December 2024 thru Summer 2025
 Proficiency and experience with at least one or more of the following: Java, C++, Golang, Rust, Java Script, Python, Ruby
 Ability to commit to a 12 week summer internship between May- August
 Strong communications skills, specifically, the absence of repeated grammatical or typographical errors, clear and concise written and spoken communications, and communications that demonstrate professional judgment.

 We’ll be super impressed if you have experience in any of these:

 Applicable technical background with analytical and problem-solving skills
 Previous related experience in software engineering (applicable coursework, projects, internships, etc.)
 Passion for writing code that is performant, maintainable, clear, and concise
 Strong interest in building, analyzing, profiling, or debugging systems
 Eager to learn new domains, grow your skills, and move up the stack
 Ability and desire to collaborate with teams
 Able to effectively manage your time to meet deadlines
 Depending on the team, there may be additional preferred skills needed

 Work Location(s) & Travel Requirements
 This intern position is a hybrid role and open to candidates residing in the following location: San Francisco Bay Area
 Fastly currently embraces a largely hybrid model for most roles which allows employees flexibility to split their time between the office and home.
 Salary
 This is a full-time, paid summer internship with an expected salary of $30 to $35 per hour. There will also be a one-time, intern stipend offered.
 Work Authorization
 Permanent Authorization to work in the U. S. is a precondition of employment for this position. Fastly will not sponsor applicants for work visas in connection with this position. Future sponsorship will not be considered.
 Benefits
 We care about you. Fastly works hard to create a positive environment for our employees, and we think your life outside of work is important too. We support our teams with great benefits that start on the first day of your employment with Fastly. Curious about our offerings? 
 We offer a benefits package including medical coverage, mental health support along with Employee Assistance Program, paid sick leave, paid local holidays, and paid company wellness days during the 12 week intern program. Why Fastly?


 We have a huge impact.  Fastly is a small company with a big reach. Not only do our customers have a tremendous user base, but we also support a growing number of open source projects and initiatives.  Outside of code, employees are encouraged to share causes close to their heart with others so we can help lend a supportive hand.


 We love distributed teams. Fastly’s home-base is in San Francisco, but we have multiple offices and employees sprinkled around the globe. As a new hire, you will be able to attend our I N- P E R S O N new hire orientation in our San Francisco office! It is an exciting week-long experience that we offer to new employees to build connections with colleagues across Fastly, participate in hands-on learning opportunities, and immerse yourself in our culture firsthand. 


 We value diversity.  Growing and maintaining our inclusive and diverse team matters to us. We are committed to being a company where our employees feel comfortable bringing their authentic selves to work and have the ability to be successful -- every day.


 We are passionate.  Fastly is chock full of passionate people and we’re not ‘one size fits all’. Fastly employs authors, pilots, skiers, parents (of humans and animals), makeup geeks, coffee connoisseurs, and more. We love employees for who they are and what they are passionate about.


 We’re always looking for humble, sharp, and creative folks to join the Fastly team. If you think you might be a fit please apply! A fully completed application and resume or C V are required when applying.
 Fastly is committed to ensuring equal employment opportunity and to providing employees with a safe and welcoming work environment free of discrimination and harassment. Our employment decisions are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, family or parental status, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances.
 Consistent with the Americans with Disabilities Act ( A D A) and federal or state disability laws, Fastly will provide reasonable accommodations for applicants and employees with disabilities. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and/or to receive other benefits and privileges of employment, please contact your Recruiter, or the Fastly Employee Relations team at [email protected] or 501-287-4901.  
 Fastly collects and processes personal data submitted by job applicants in accordance with our  Privacy Policy. Please see our privacy notice for job applicants.
---------------------- 
