Formlabs: Algorithms_Software_Intern_Summer_2024  ------- 4-Jan
 
Company Overview Formlabs is reinventing 3 D printing by expanding access to digital fabrication, so anyone can make anything. 
---------------------- 
Company Stage Series E Total Funding $253.7 M Founded2011 Headquarters Somerville, Massachusetts
---------------------- 
Growth & Insights Headcount6 month growth↓ -4%1 year growth↓ -2%2 year growth↑ 14%
---------------------- 
Requirements Proficiency in modern C++ Experience in desktop application development using C++17 and Qt Strong understanding of mathematics and science Experience in developing and optimizing low-level software Ability to work in an agile product-focused environment
---------------------- 
Responsibilities Develop novel and performant algorithms in modern C++ for laser path planning, physics modeling, computational geometry, and 3 D rendering Optimize and improve existing code End-to-end feature development including design, implementation, and validation Cross platform ( Win, Mac) desktop application development using C++17 and Qt Design and implement well-structured code with strong focus on maintainability, reusability, and testing
---------------------- 
Desired Qualifications Interest in image processing and geometry algorithms, parallel computing, and related mathematics Comfortable tackling complex problems in unfamiliar domains, reading papers to understand the state-of-the-art
---------------------- 
To reinvent an industry, you have to build the best team. Join Formlabs if you want to bring groundbreaking professional 3 D printers to the desktop of every designer, engineer, researcher, and artist in the world.
 Software is at the center of our product development, as it bridges the transition from digital models to beautiful physical form in 3 D printing. As an intern on our software team, you’ll get to see code you write released in software that ships to customers. Our software team constantly works to improve the U I experience, and loves to get their hands dirty with 3 D geometric algorithms and other puzzling problems.
 If you’re passionate about software and want to help build the best desktop 3 D printing software on the market, we want you as an Algorithms Software Intern.
 Internship Term: Summer 2024 Commitment: Full-time Location: Onsite in Somerville, M A Application Requirements: Sharing examples of projects you’ve worked on or anything you’ve built is encouraged
 The Job

 Develop novel and performant algorithms in modern C++ to tackle problems related to laser path planning, physics modeling, computational geometry, and 3 D rendering
 Optimize and improve existing code to make every clock cycle count
 End-to-end feature development including design, implementation, and validation
 Cross platform ( Win, Mac) desktop application development using C++17 and Qt
 Design and implement well-structured code with strong focus on maintainability, reusability, and testing
 Work in an agile product-focused environment

 You

 Interested in developing high-performance software at the intersection of mathematics and science
 Comfortable tackling complex problems in unfamiliar domains, reading papers to understand the state-of-the-art 
 Interested in image processing and geometry algorithms, parallel computing, and related mathematics
 Experienced in developing and optimizing low-level software (bonus points for C++!)

 Internships at Formlabs give students the opportunity to create, build, solve, and discover in every area of our business. Come build your career and build the future of 3 D printing. Internship perks include social events, networking opportunities, access to our fully-stocked kitchens and onsite lunches, and unlimited 3 D printing!
 
 We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.
 
 Even if you don’t check every box, but see yourself contributing, please apply.  Help us build an inclusive community that will change the face of 3 D printing.
---------------------- 
