Global_Atlantic_Financial_Group: 2025_Quantitative_Investments_Intern  ------- 2-Jan
 
Company Overview Global Atlantic Financial Group, a leading insurance company, offers a unique blend of financial stability, risk and investment management expertise, and a culture that values integrity, teamwork, and long-term client relationships. As a majority-owned subsidiary of K K R, a global investment firm, it leverages K K R's investment capabilities, scale, and access to capital markets, enhancing the value it offers to clients. The company's entrepreneurial culture fosters a collaborative work environment that rewards performance, and it invests in its employees, viewing them as critical to its long-term success.
---------------------- 
Company Stage Private Total Funding $1 B Founded2004 Headquarters New York, New York
---------------------- 
Growth & Insights Headcount6 month growth↑ 4%1 year growth↑ 15%2 year growth↑ 31%
---------------------- 
Requirements December 2025 or May 2026 graduates in Computer Science, Engineering, Operations Research, Finance, or similar fields Experience in general purpose programming languages such as Python, Java, or C/ C++ Experience with data analysis, distributed computing, and database management Demonstrated interest in finance, economics, and capital markets Proficiency in Microsoft Office
---------------------- 
Responsibilities Keeping abreast of the latest events in the financial markets and developing insurance industry and capital markets knowledge Helping the asset-liability management and analytics teams with investment analysis, portfolio monitoring, and maintenance of analytics platforms Analyzing data for investment desks to drive better business decisions Learning about Global Atlantic’s investment products and working alongside experienced professionals
---------------------- 
Desired Qualifications Strong leadership, initiative, and interpersonal skills Entrepreneurial and creative mindset Ability to manage multiple projects concurrently High energy with an ability to work in a fast-paced environment and think clearly under pressure
---------------------- 
Global Atlantic Financial Group is a leader in the U. S. life insurance and annuity industry, serving the needs of individuals and institutions. Global Atlantic is a wholly-owned subsidiary of K K R, a leading global investment firm that offers alternative asset management across multiple strategies and capital markets solutions.  Global Atlantic is looking for a diverse team of talented individuals who reinforce our culture of collaboration and innovation. We are dedicated to the career development of our people because we know they are critical to our long-term success. Join our team and come grow with us. 

 The K K R- Global Atlantic partnership - The Global Atlantic Story 

 We use Greenhouse as our scheduling tool and communicate through their systems. At times, your email may block our communications. Please be sure to check your S P A M so that you do not miss critical information about our process, including scheduling. 
 G L O B A L A T L A N T I C’ S I N T E R N S H I P P R O G R A M
 The Global Atlantic offers an immersive 10 week summer internship program that allows students to learn critical skills in a business setting. Our program runs from June 2, 2025 to August 8, 2025. We offer Executive Business Overviews, Networking Challenges, Social Events, interaction with senior leaders, meaningful work and so much more. We pride ourselves on offering a diverse and inclusive environment for all to succeed. We are thrilled that you have considered Global Atlantic in your Internship search.
 P O S I T I O N O V E R V I E W 
 The Quantitative Investments Intern position is open to undergraduate students from any technical field of study. Interns will join the New York-based Investment Team that manages the firm’s $150+ billion investment account. The Quantitative Investments Intern role encompasses the following:

 Keeping abreast of the latest events in the financial markets and developing insurance industry and capital markets knowledge
 Helping the asset-liability management and analytics teams with investment analysis, portfolio monitoring, and maintenance of analytics platforms
 Analyzing data for investment desks in order to drive better business decision
 Learning about Global Atlantic’s investment products, including Credit, Asset Allocation and Asset Origination regarding their purposes, strategies, methods of operation, and daily functioning
 An introduction to Global Atlantic, its employees, history, philosophy, and all aspects of its business divisions by working alongside experienced professionals in their respective specialties

 Q U A L I F I C A T I O N S 

 December 2025 or May 2026 graduates with outstanding academic record in Computer Science, Engineering, Operations Research, Finance, or similar fields of study preferred
 Strong developer with experience in one or more general purpose programming languages such as Python, Java, or C/ C++
 Experience with data analysis, distributed computing, and database management skills
 Demonstrated interest in finance, economics and capital markets
 Strong leadership, initiative and interpersonal skills; entrepreneurial and creative mindset
 Ability to manage multiple projects concurrently, including workstreams that cover new ground for the team
 High energy with an ability to work in a fast-paced environment and think clearly under pressure
 Proficiency in Microsoft Office

  This position is not eligible for visa sponsorship now or in the future
 Various jurisdictions have passed pay transparency laws that require companies provide salary ranges for any positions for which they are accepting applications.
 Global Atlantic’s Intern Salary is determined through an analysis of similar positions in the external labor market. The Intern Salary is based on yearly compensation and will be paid for 10 weeks during the program.  Intern Salary is just one component of Global Atlantic’s total compensation package for interns. Other rewards may include an intern cash stipend, employee contributions to a 401(k), as well as a company match on your contributions, and branded gifts. The Intern Salary for this role is $110,000.
# L I- A G1
 T O T A L R E W A R D S S T A T E M E N T 
 Global Atlantic’s total rewards package is reflective of our corporate values, particularly diversity, excellence and innovation, with a focus on inclusion, pay equity, and flexibility. We are proud to support you during your internship with a 401k match program with immediate vesting (with the exception of Bermuda), competitive compensation, and a stipend to support your experience. 
 Over the 10 weeks you will be immersed in an inclusive environment with opportunities to participate in: 

 Days of Inclusion 
 D E& I Challenge 
 National Intern Day Celebration
 Weekly Business Overviews and fireside chats with leaders
 Social events 
and more!

 Social platforms provide an environment to collaborate with others and participate in friendly competitions towards achieving physical, emotional and financial well-being. Our highly competitive health, retirement, life and disability plans can be tailored to best suit your needs and those of your whole family.
 Global Atlantic is committed to creating an inclusive environment where everyone can meaningfully contribute to our success. We are proud to be an equal opportunity employer and we do not discriminate in employment on any basis that is prohibited by federal, state or local laws.  More than that, we strive to be inclusive of all backgrounds and experiences, which we feel gives us a competitive advantage in the market and within our firm.  All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, age, or veteran status.
 Employees who require an accommodation to perform the essential functions of their job will participate in an interactive process which may include providing documentation.  If you are hired and require an accommodation for any protected status, please email [email protected].
 Please click on the links below to learn more about Global Atlantic.
 Here is our E S G report. We are so proud! 
 Global Atlantic Privacy Statement
---------------------- 
