DRW: Software_Developer_Intern  ------- 2-Jan
 
Company Overview D R W stands out for its diversified approach to trading and investment, leveraging technology, research, and risk management across multiple asset classes and global markets. The company fosters a culture of high expectations and continuous learning, offering the dynamism of a startup with the stability of an established firm. Employees are encouraged to solve complex problems, with their efforts duly recognized and rewarded, making D R W a compelling place to work for those seeking intellectual stimulation and professional growth.
---------------------- 
Company Stage M& A Total Funding N/ A Founded2001 Headquarters Chicago, Illinois
---------------------- 
Growth & Insights Headcount6 month growth↑ 2%1 year growth↑ 9%2 year growth↑ 45%
---------------------- 
Requirements Pursuing a bachelor's, master's, or Ph D in computer science, electrical engineering, computer engineering, physics, mathematics or any related science discipline Expected graduation date between December 2024 and June 2025 Exposure to network programming ( T C P/ I P), multi-threaded applications, computational intelligence, algorithms, real-time programming or G U I programming Strong understanding of object-oriented design, data structures, and algorithms Excellent software development skills in at least one of Java Script ( Node, React, and/or Angular), C++, Python, Ruby, C#, Go or Java
---------------------- 
Responsibilities Design, develop test, and deploy proprietary software development solutions across the firm Identify innovative solutions to complex problems and advocate for their implementation Conduct research using a data-driven approach to employ statistical analytics on large data sets Collaborate with other software developers, quantitative traders and researchers as well as business analysts in cross-functional team environments
---------------------- 
Desired Qualifications M L Ops and data pipeline engineering experience Experience in full stack web applications and dashboards development Experience in R F network monitoring services and tools Experience in creating decoders to receive raw packet data from various exchanges and translate it into a more accessible form Experience in creating normalizers which take decoded data and build a book for each instrument traded on that exchange
---------------------- 
Our formula for success is to hire exceptional people, encourage their ideas and reward their results.
 As a Software Developer Intern, you will join one of our development teams supporting our network development initiatives or trading businesses. Depending on the team you join, you will build advanced trading, analysis and risk applications, or advanced monitoring and automation systems leveraging cutting-edge technology. D R W enables our Software Developer Interns to develop computationally intensive software under the guidance of senior technologists with the goal of deployment during your internship. While your days will have you immersed in complex projects directly driving D R W’s progress, your time also will be packed with education, responsibility, problem-solving, and social events to experience what it is like to work at D R W.
 How will you make an impact?

 Design, develop test, and deploy proprietary software development solutions across the firm. Examples include creating:

 Full stack web applications and dashboards
 M L Ops and data pipeline engineering
 Decoders to receive raw packet data from various exchanges and translate it into a more accessible form.
 Normalizers which take decoded data and build a book for each instrument traded on that exchange
 R F network monitoring services and tools


 Identify innovative solutions to complex problems and advocate for their implementation to your team by communicating your ideas in a clear and concise manner
 Conduct research using a data driven approach to employ statistical analytics on large data sets
 Collaborate with other software developers, quantitative traders and researchers as well as business analysts in cross-functional team environments

 What do you bring to the team?

 Are pursuing a bachelor’s, master’s, or Ph D in computer science, electrical engineering, computer engineering, physics, mathematics or any related science discipline and have an expected graduation date between December 2024 and June 2025
 Have exposure to network programming ( T C P/ I P), multi-threaded applications, computational intelligence, algorithms, real-time programming or G U I programming
 Have strong understanding of object-oriented design, data structures, and algorithms
 Exhibit excellent software development skills in at least one of Java Script ( Node, React, and/or Angular), C++, Python, Ruby, C#, Go or Java, and a deep curiosity to learn and absorb new technologies quickly

 What to expect during the internship?

 Meaningful projects: You’ll receive a challenging project to complete during your time here. Each project, advised by a software engineer, promotes a comprehensive learning experience and provides you with meaningful work experience.
 Community: Throughout the summer, we host a variety of educational, social and team-building activities to foster friendship and camaraderie.
 Housing: D R W provides fully furnished apartments located close to the office making your morning commute as easy as possible.
 Mentorship: You’ll build a professional relationship with an experienced mentor in your field. Mentors and mentees meet to discuss goals, challenges and professional development and explore the city together at our mentor outings.
 Education: As the trading industry continually evolves, both in terms of new products and transaction methods, the future will present us with unique opportunities and challenges. You’ll complete an options course taught by an experienced trader and participate in a technology immersion course to better understand how technology and trading intersect.

 D R W is a diversified trading firm with over 3 decades of experience bringing sophisticated technology and exceptional people together to operate in markets around the world.  We value autonomy and the ability to quickly pivot to capture opportunities, so we operate using our own capital and trading at our own risk. 
 Headquartered in Chicago with offices throughout the U. S., Canada, Europe, and Asia, we trade a variety of asset classes including Fixed Income, E T Fs, Equities, F X, Commodities and Energy across all major global markets. We have also leveraged our expertise and technology to expand into three non-traditional strategies: real estate, venture capital and cryptoassets. 
 We operate with respect, curiosity and open minds. The people who thrive here share our belief that it’s not just what we do that matters–it’s how we do it.  D R W is a place of high expectations, integrity, innovation and a willingness to challenge consensus.  
 For more information about D R W’s processing activities and our use of job applicants’ data, please view our Privacy Notice at https://drw.com/privacy-notice.
 California residents, please review the  California Privacy Notice for information about certain legal rights at https://drw.com/california-privacy-notice.
# L I- S B1
---------------------- 
