Virtru: Security_Engineering_Intern  ------- 7-Feb
 
Company Stage Series C Total Funding $142 M Founded2012 Headquarters Washington, District of Columbia
---------------------- 
Growth & Insights Headcount6 month growth↓ -3%1 year growth↓ -5%2 year growth↑ 12%
---------------------- 
Requirements Currently pursuing or current degree in Computer Science or related field Familiarity with the Software development process Experience with at least 1 high-level programming language, such as Java Script, Python, Golang, or Java Familiarity with Cloud Platforms, like G C P or A W S
---------------------- 
Responsibilities Build components for reliable and scalable monitoring platform that observes a large Saa S system deployed to G C P Partner with Engineering teams to understand control failures, and the opportunities to address these failures Develop automation around Fed R A M P and S O C2 controls and requirements Automate other security processes
---------------------- 
Desired Qualifications Nice to have, experience with the following tools and frameworks: Linux, Terraform, Ansible, Git Hub Actions, Buildkite, Prisma Cloud, Docker, Kubernetes Must be a self-starter who works well independently on assigned tasks and products Desire to learn and grow with a close-knit engineering team
---------------------- 
About Virtru:
 Virtru is a leading data protection provider backed by some of the foremost venture capital firms in Silicon Valley and the Mid- Atlantic region, including Iconiq Capital, Bessemer Venture Partners, Foundry Capital, and Tiger Global. Today, more than ever, data demands respect, and that’s why Virtru is committed to changing the rules for data privacy. At Virtru, we equip our customers to take granular control of their data—everywhere it’s shared—through end-to-end encryption for Google, Microsoft, and other data sharing platforms. Our market-leading portfolio of data encryption and privacy enhancing applications are remarkably easy to use, fast to implement, affordable for all, and built on the Trusted Data Format ( T D F) open standard.
 At Virtru, our motto is " Respect the people. Respect the data." Respecting data to us means keeping it secure and protected at all times across its entire lifecycle. We firmly believe that when you respect data, you’re demonstrating respect for the people who own that data.
 Working at Virtru, you’ll be inspired by colleagues who are passionate about the work they do. We are dedicated to creating an atmosphere that sparks creativity, connection, and professional growth while empowering each other to do our best work. We’re building something special at Virtru. We hope you consider joining our team and helping us create a brighter future for data privacy. This is a paid Summer 2024 Internship. This is a temporary, full-time internship. Candidates must be able to commit to a 10 week program.
 Team & Position Details: 
 Virtru’s multi-product offerings are currently Fed R A M P Moderate accredited, S O C2 Type 2 certified, and have been authorized for use within secure systems running on a number of networks of varying security levels. As an Intern on our Security Team, you will be a part of upholding and assessing security solutions, implementing and testing new features, and responding to security incidents. You will work alongside our engineers, information security & compliance team to uphold our cutting edge security compliance program aligned with security best practice frameworks and privacy legislation ( Fed R A M P, G D P R, etc.). 
 The ideal candidate will have a natural passion for digital privacy, software development, and great user experiences.  You’ll have the opportunity to work with a stellar team of passionate Engineers who are collaborative, cohesive, and dedicated to producing high-quality results.  We encourage curiosity and have a culture that encourages growth.  As an Engineer on this team, you will be on the cutting edge of Zero- Trust - the future of data and service protection!
 As a Security Engineering Intern, your responsibilities will include:

 Build components for reliable and scalable monitoring platform that observes a large Saa S system deployed to G C P
 Partner with Engineering teams to understand control failures, and the opportunities to address these failures
 Develop automation around Fed R A M P and S O C2 controls and requirements
 Automate other security processes 

 Skills and Tools that will help you thrive in this role: 

 Familiarity with the Software development process from writing code for personal projects, coding competitions, or research

 Must feel comfortable using at least 1 high-level programming language, such as Java Script, Python, Golang, or Java
 Nice to have, experience with the following tools and frameworks Linux, Terraform, Ansible,, Git Hub Actions, Buildkite, Prisma Cloud, Docker, Kubernetes
 Familiarity with Cloud Platforms, like G C P or A W S, is a plus

 Must be a self-starter who works well independently on assigned tasks and products
 Desire to learn and grow with a close-knit engineering team
 Currently pursuing or current degree in Computer Science or related field

 Virtruvian qualities that will set you up for success:

 Thinking outside of the box to respectfully challenge your teammates and managers in the pursuit of excellence
 Strong sense of urgency with an action-oriented mindset
 Able to collaborate and adapt to shifting priorities as business needs evolve
 Comfortable with asynchronous communication including slack, email, zoom, etc.

 As a Virtru Summer Intern:
 During the interview process, you will meet with your Manager and discuss role expectations, your interests, and your skills. As a Virtru intern, you will work closely with your team and assist with challenging tasks and responsibilities to help Virtru come closer to achieving our goals. And of course, if you would like to learn more about something, just ask. 
 In the Internship Cohort, you will be managed by your internship coordinator and H R advocate, Bella. Organized events, such as games nights, career workshops, and speaker series sessions are planned and executed specifically for interns. 
 As an important team member of Virtru, you will be included in company-wide meetings and events, including one-on-one sessions with your department’s executive leader (giving you a peek as to what it’s like working with us full-time)!. You will gain real-world, hands-on learning and contribute to critical elements of an enterprise Software as a Service ( Saa S) business. You will be joining a highly collaborative company, with the opportunity to reach out to anyone for questions, with a summer mentor and H R advocate to assist you with internal networking!
 Events to note in the ten week summer session:

 First week of Onboarding, just like a full-time employee!
 Weekly sessions with your H R advocate, 1:1 and in a group setting
 Two formal feedback sessions
1:1 session with Steering/ Executive Leader
 Opportunity for in-office visit/mentorship 

 This internship is for learners ready to work in a connected hybrid environment. While we are not a strict 9-5 work environment, you will be responsible for timely responses in Slack, email, and meeting attendance. 
 Intern Perks & Benefits: 
 At Virtru, we believe people do their best work when their wellbeing is put first. This is why we make your wellbeing our priority with a thoughtful and holistic program that encompasses Occupational, Mental, Social, Physical, and Environmental Wellness by offering benefits such as…

 A Hybrid Approach — Virtru is committed to being forever flexible when it comes to where, how, and when you get your work done. You have the option to work from home if that suits you best, or work from our brand new D C Headquarters if you prefer being in person!
 Internal mobility options for those interested in exploring their skills in other areas of the business
 Frequent company-sponsored Team Celebrations that provide ample opportunities to connect with teammates and be social!
 A high degree of flexibility — Have an appointment, errand, or family emergency to take care of? Hop to it! We give you the time and space to take care of you and your own first. We only ask that you communicate with your team and manager to let them know when you will be unavailable.

 In addition to wellbeing, Virtru places a strong emphasis on diversity, equity, inclusion, and belonging. Our D E& I Council is dedicated to fostering an inclusive workplace and making the psychological safety of each and every one of our teammates a top priority. The Council also hosts a range of events throughout the year focused on the continual education of our teammates on social justice issues, current events, and marginalized cultures and communities. 
 Virtru is currently operating in a remote-first capacity; however, there are plenty of opportunities to connect with the team in person throughout the year, both in and out of the office, whether they be team-specific or company-wide celebrations and events.
 Virtru is committed to building an inclusive environment for people of all backgrounds and everyone is encouraged to apply. Virtru is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, religion, disability, national origin, protected veteran status, age, or any other status protected by applicable national, federal, state, or local law.
---------------------- 
