ConnectWise: Intern_2024_Data_Analytics  ------- 7-Feb
 
Company Overview Connect Wise stands out as a comprehensive platform for technology solutions providers ( T S Ps), offering a suite of products that cater to business management, remote monitoring, cybersecurity risk assessments, and more. The company's competitive edge lies in its integration with hundreds of key vendors and its robust community engagement, positioning it as an industry leader. Its customizable and flexible features make it an adaptable tool for M S Ps and T S Ps, supporting them at every stage of their business, irrespective of their company goals.
---------------------- 
Company Stage Seed Total Funding $585 K Founded1982 Headquarters Tampa, Florida
---------------------- 
Growth & Insights Headcount6 month growth↑ 2%1 year growth↑ 7%2 year growth↑ 43%
---------------------- 
Requirements Pursuing a major in business, I T, or a related field Sophomores, juniors, or seniors are welcome to apply Working knowledge of S Q L, Excel, Jupiter Notebooks Must have completed at least one course related to Data Analytics, Business Analysis, or Statistics
---------------------- 
Responsibilities Provides support to the Data Services teams Works on one data analysis project using the standard data analytics / engineering tools at Connect Wise Contributes to helping clean up or fix data issues created by past system integrations or processes Delivers presentation on the insights learned at the conclusion of the project to internal stakeholders
---------------------- 
Desired Qualifications Excellent customer service skills Strong team player with ability to build positive and collaborative relationships within the organization
---------------------- 
Connect Wise is an industry and Global leading software company with over 3,000 colleagues in North America, E M E A and A P A C. As a community-driven software company dedicated to the success of technology solution providers, our suite helps over 45,000 of our partners manage their businesses better, sell more efficiently, automate service delivery, and remotely control technology so they can consistently deliver amazing customer experiences.
 Our company is powered by our connections, our colleagues, and our community. And, we accept all kinds. 
 Game-changers, innovators, culture-lovers—and humankind.
 We invite discovery and debate. We recognize key moments as milestones. 
 We see you and value you for your unique contributions. Our inclusive, positive culture lays the foundation to ensure every colleague is valued for their perspectives and skills, giving you the choice of how Y O U make a difference.
 Curious? Read this opportunity to learn how Y O U can make a difference at Connect Wise!

 Connect Wise Summer Internship Program:
 Are you in search of an internship to acquire corporate experience spanning various cross-functional teams and departments? Look no further! Connect Wise is currently hosting its summer internship program, scheduled from May to August. Interns can contribute a maximum of 30 hours per week. We encourage a hybrid work model (3 days in the office, 2 days remote) at either our Tampa, F L, or Pittsburgh, P A office. Our internship initiative is designed to provide outstanding talent development and training opportunities. Our ultimate aim is to transition interns into full-time employees upon graduation.
 Qualifications:

 Internships are available for students pursuing post-high school level degrees (college, university, technical college).
 Sophomores, juniors, or seniors are welcome to apply.
 Pursuing a major in business, I T, or a related field.


 General Summary:


 The Data Analytics Intern provides support for the Data Services teams. This role is responsible for assisting with projects that will help contribute to the overall success of the organization’s Data Ecosystem. This role works in partnership with the Information Technology teams to provide insights to internal stakeholders.
 Essential Duties and Responsibilities:

 Provides support to the Data Services teams, with a high attention to detail • Works on one data analysis project using the standard data analytics / engineering tools at Connect Wise• Contributes to helping clean up or fix data issues created by past system integrations or processes• Delivers presentation on the insights learned at the conclusion of the project to internal stakeholders

 Knowledge, Skills, and/or Abilities Required:
 To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

 Ability to perform routine situations and procedures with limited supervision• Excellent customer service skills• Strong team player with ability to build positive and collaborative relationships within the organization• Working knowledge of S Q L, Excel, Jupiter Notebooks Educational/ Vocational/ Previous Experience Recommendation

 Educational/ Vocational/ Previous Experience Recommendations:

 Requires limited knowledge of operations procedures and tools• Pursuing a bachelor’s degree in related field• Must have completed at least one course related to Data Analytics, Business Analysis, or Statistics

 Working Conditions:

 In office in Tampa 


 Connect Wise is an Equal Opportunity Employer, dedicated to building a diverse and inclusive workforce and providing a workplace free from discrimination and harassment. Connect Wise provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants without regard to race, ethnicity, color, religion, age, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity or expression, ancestry, national origin, citizenship status, physical or mental disability, genetic information, military/veteran status, marital status, familial or parental status, or any other characteristic or status protected by applicable federal, state and local laws.
 The statements above are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by individuals assigned to this job.  Other duties may be assigned as needed. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable qualified individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions of the job and/or to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. If you need a reasonable accommodation for any part of the application and hiring process, please contact us at [email protected] or 1-800-671-6898.
---------------------- 
