Capella_Space: Intern_Tasking_Scheduling_Software_Engineer  ------- 7-Feb
 
Requirements Currently pursuing a degree in Mathematics, Computer Science, Engineering, Physics, Statistics, or a related field Familiarity with at least one programming language: Python (preferred), Java, C++, Matlab, Julia, R Basic knowledge of version control systems: (e.g., Git) Ability to work independently and in a team environment Excellent problem-solving and analytical skills Good communication and collaboration skills Eagerness to learn new skills and technologies
---------------------- 
Responsibilities Design and implement a software feature, tool or solution that directly impact Capella's tasking & scheduling operations Collaborate with Tasking & Scheduling engineers to design, develop, and test software solutions Write clean, efficient, and maintainable code Research and apply software and engineering best practices Extract and analyze data to measure the success of your solution Participate in code reviews Work with cross-functional teams to define the technical problem Assist with documentation and technical support Present your finding to technical and non-technical audience
---------------------- 
Desired Qualifications Data structures and algorithms coursework Aerospace and navigation control coursework Mathematical optimization: linear programming coursework Data Science, Machine Learning, or Data Analytics coursework
---------------------- 
Capella Space stands at the forefront of synthetic aperture radar ( S A R) satellite technology and signal intelligence. We provide customers in governments, academia, and commercial sectors with reliable information that enables unparalleled understanding of the world. Our mission is centered on delivering timely and reliable Earth imagery, supporting diverse applications in defense & intelligence, disaster response, energy, environmental monitoring and more. Utilizing cutting-edge technology, Capella Space designs, manufactures and operates an advanced constellation of S A R imaging satellites. Our market-leading S A R satellites are complemented by an unmatched data infrastructure and automated ordering and delivery platform for fast, reliable insights where and when customers need it most. 
 Recognized for our technological prowess, Capella Space was honored as one of the 10 most innovative companies in Space in 2023 by F A S T C O M P A N Y. Capella Space is an internationally trusted Earth Observation data provider, working closely with the U. S. Space Systems Command, U. S. Space Force, N A S A, U. S. Air Force, U. S. Navy, U. S. National Reconnaissance Office, the Canadian Government and more to make unclassified, high-resolution S A R data more accessible.  
 What Makes Capella Unique? 
 Capella Space is a highly collaborative team environment, providing an opportunity to work with some of the brightest minds in the space industry, though no prior space experience is needed. We’re looking for people excited about tackling seemingly impossible challenges, learning new skills and concepts, and helping each other achieve success.  Our mission and our products are meant to understand the whole world and help everyone in it - regardless of race, creed, or any other distinction. We encourage you to bring your unique perspective to help make us stronger, including applications from those who are traditionally underrepresented in tech. 
 Capella Space Tasking & Scheduling team is looking for summer interns. The team applies cutting-edge mathematical and optimization techniques to automate the planning, scheduling and commanding of a dynamic constellation of S A R satellites. As an intern on this team, you will be exposed to a diverse set of impactful and engaging technical problems that draw from principals in software engineering, physics, mathematics and optimization. This is a great opportunity for an undergraduate that is passionate for space, technology, computer programming and eager to learn best practices and solve complex technical problems.
 What you’ll be doing during your internship

 Design and implement a software feature, tool or solution that directly impact Capella’s tasking & scheduling operations
 Collaborate with Tasking & Scheduling engineers to design, develop, and test software solutions
 Write clean, efficient, and maintainable code
 Research and apply software and engineering best practices
 Extract and analyze data to measure the success of your solution
 Participate in code reviews
 Work with cross-functional teams to define the technical problem
 Assist with documentation and technical support
 Present your finding to technical and non-technical audience

 What you’ll need to succeed 

 Currently pursuing a degree in Mathematics, Computer Science, Engineering, Physics, Statistics, or a related field.
 Familiarity with at least one programming language: Python (preferred), Java, C++, Matlab, Julia, R.
 Basic knowledge of version control systems: (e.g., Git)
 Ability to work independently and in a team environment
 Excellent problem-solving and analytical skills
 Good communication and collaboration skills
 Eagerness to learn new skills and technologies

 Nice-to- Have

 Data structures and algorithms coursework
 Aerospace and navigation control coursework
 Mathematical optimization: linear programming coursework
 Data Science, Machine Learning, or Data Analytics coursework

 Compensation
 The target pay for this position is $35/hour. The actual pay is dependent upon a variety of job-related factors such as professional background, training, work experience, location, business needs and market demand. This pay range is subject to change and may be modified in the future.  
 Intern Perks

 Capella provides a one-time stipend to cover your needs during the Summer.
 Daily provided lunches and stocked kitchens has you covered at both office locations.
 Swag! Work hard but look cool while doing it! Each intern gets a welcome package with their own swag during their time here so you can rock Capella anywhere you go.
 Events: Capella hosts social & educational events each month for all Capella employees, but also during the summer program for the entire intern class. 
 Mentorship: each intern is paired with a mentor that supports & guides them through their time at Capella.
 Furry friends? We’ve got you covered with dog-friendly work environment.

 To conform to U. S. Government space technology export regulations, including the International Traffic in Arms Regulations ( I T A R), Capella Employees must be a U. S. citizen, lawful U. S. permanent resident (i.e., current Green Card holder), or lawfully admitted into the U. S. as a refugee or granted asylum, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U. S. Department of State and/or the U. S. Department of Commerce, as applicable. Learn more about I T A R here.” 
 Equal Opportunity Statement
 Capella Space is an equal opportunity employer, committed to creating a diverse and inclusive workplace, and upholding equitable hiring practices.
 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic under federal, state, or local law, including those with a criminal history, in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable state and local laws, including the C A Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance. We actively encourage members of recognized minorities, women, Veterans, and those with disabilities to apply, and we work to create a welcoming and supportive environment for all applicants throughout the interview process. If you need assistance or require an accommodation during the job application process, please notify [email protected] 
 To learn more about us, explore our site: https://www.capellaspace.com/ and follow us on X and Linked Into see our S A R imagery!
---------------------- 
