Bertram_Capital_Management: Software_Engineering_Intern  ------- 7-Feb
 
Company Stage N/ A Total Funding N/ A Founded2006 Headquarters Foster City, California
---------------------- 
Growth & Insights Headcount6 month growth↓ -9%1 year growth↓ -4%2 year growth↑ 9%
---------------------- 
Requirements Enrolled in an undergraduate degree program in computer science, electrical or computer engineering, or a related major Experience with one or more of the following programming languages: Java, Python, Javascript, Groovy, Ruby Familiarity with source code control systems, such as Git Demonstrated experience working as a productive member of a team Strong analytical skills and curiosity around using technology to solve problems
---------------------- 
Responsibilities Work on a small team and will be exposed to all facets of the solution development lifecycle: requirements gathering, estimation and planning, project management, automated testing, and release planning/execution
---------------------- 
Bertram Labs Software Engineering Intern
 Location: 
 Broomfield, C O (onsite required)
 Schedule: 
 Part Time: 20-25 hours per week
 June 3, 2024- August 9, 2024 ( Dates are negotiable)
 About Bertram Capital: 
 Bertram Capital is a private equity firm targeting investments in lower middle market companies. Since its inception in 2006, the firm has raised over $3 B of capital commitments. Bertram has distinguished itself in the private equity community by combining venture capital operating methodologies with private equity financial discipline to empower its portfolio companies to unlock their full business potential. This approach is unique in that Bertram is not singularly focused on achieving its investment returns through financial engineering and the extraction of near-term cash flow. Instead, Bertram focuses on reinvestment and technology enablement to drive growth and value through digital marketing, e-commerce, big data and analytics, application development and internal and external platform optimization.
 Visit www.bcap.com for more information.
 Bertram Labs is seeking an undergraduate student to join our software development team for this upcoming summer. The ideal individual is ready to learn and contribute in meaningful ways. Interns will work on a small team and will be exposed to all facets of the solution development lifecycle: requirements gathering, estimation and planning, project management, automated testing, and release planning/execution.
 Qualifications:

 Enrolled in an undergraduate degree program in computer science, electrical or computer engineering, or a related major.
 Experience with one or more (preferred) of the following programming languages:

 Java
 Python
 Javascript
 Groovy
 Ruby


 Familiarity with source code control systems, such as Git.
 Demonstrated experience working as a productive member of a team.
 Strong analytical skills and curiosity around using technology to solve problems

 Compensation:
 The expected salary range for this internship is: $25- $35/hour. Offered salary may be based on a variety of factors including skills, experience, and qualifications for the role.
 Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion: 
 At Bertram Capital we value and celebrate the many perspectives that arise from a variety of cultures, genders, religions, national origins, ages, abilities, socioeconomic status and sexual orientation. Our commitment to Diversity, Equity and Inclusion ( D E I) ensures that Bertram is a place that attracts, grows, and promotes top talent from all backgrounds.
---------------------- 
