Mercury: Software_Engineering_Intern  ------- 6-Feb
 
Company Overview Mercury is on a mission to build a banking stack for startups. The company provides banking services and A P Is for startups.
---------------------- 
Company Stage N/ A Total Funding $161.8 M Founded2017 Headquarters San Francisco, California
---------------------- 
Growth & Insights Headcount6 month growth↓ -30%1 year growth↓ -43%2 year growth↑ 108%
---------------------- 
Requirements Enrollment in an academic program (undergraduate, graduate, M B A, etc.) Experience with Haskell programming language or strong desire to learn it Experience with Type Script programming language Familiarity with S Q L Curiosity and willingness to share perspective Good communication skills
---------------------- 
Responsibilities Receive mentorship from experienced engineers Contribute to a product serving over 100,000 businesses Collaborate with data analysts to build features Provide backend/frontend support for mobile and web applications Integrate with third-party A P Is Work on a beautiful app with high U I standards Push the limits of Type Script for error prevention Work in an established codebase with room for growth Exercise ownership over the product
---------------------- 
Desired Qualifications Experience with React for frontend engineering interns
---------------------- 
It’s 1813 and Humphrey Davy is dazzling London with scientific demonstrations and lectures. Soon enters the young bookbinder, Michael Faraday, dissatisfied with his own prospects and enamored by the mysteries of electricity. Faraday gets a break and gains apprenticeship with Davy, and shortly thereafter (partially) blows himself and Davy up in a nitrogen trichloride explosion.
 We think Davy’s sacrifice was worth it, though, since Faraday went on to do experimental work in the field of electromagnetism that is foundational to innumerable modern technologies. While we can’t promise you’ll become the next Faraday, we can promise you won’t be asked to deal with explosives on the job.
 Instead, you’ll be receiving mentorship from experienced engineers, writing Type Script and/or Haskell code, and contributing to a product that serves over 100,000 businesses. Check out demo.mercury.com to see our product for yourself.
 As an Engineering Intern, you’ll join a team that aligns with your goals and interests. During the interview process, you’ll have the opportunity to talk through the various team openings. Also, we are hiring for three different types of engineering intern roles: backend, frontend, and full-stack.
 All Engineering Interns, regardless of the specific role, should:

 Be interested in continually honing their craft.
 Have curiosity and be willing to share their perspective.
 Appreciate quality in their work and that of others.
 Communicate well, and be able to write clear explanations of their reasoning on technical decisions.

 Backend Engineering Interns should have experience using the Haskell programming language, or a strong desire to learn it, and have some familiarity with S Q L. In this role you can expect to:

 Collaborate with data analysts to spec and build features that draw new customers to our product.
 Provide a backend to our mobile and web frontends, to do things like search transactions or send wire transfers.
 Build admin tools to increase the efficiency of day-to-day support operations, like identifying fraudulent customers or managing accounts.
 Integrate with third-party A P Is, to do things like send checks or validate S W I F T codes.

 Frontend Engineering Interns should have experience with the Type Script programming language, and experience with React is a plus. In this role you can expect to:

 Work on a beautiful app: Since many of our customers are startups, they appreciate a well-implemented design. We have high standards for our U I, and we think it shows on our website. We encourage you to sign up and check out our onboarding experience, or read our blog post about our date picker.
 Push the limits of Type Script: As a financial technology company, preventing errors is a top priority for us, and we take advantage of Type Script’s advanced static typing features to prevent them.
 Work in an established codebase that still has room for growth. Across 650 K lines of Type Script, we’ve built abstractions and components that will give you leverage to build great features during your months at Mercury. But there’s still a lot more to build, be it optimizing the scrolling performance of a combobox, or building whole pages to deliver a feature to customers.
 Exercise ownership over the product: Our engineers work closely with our designers and contribute their own ideas on making the product better.

 Full-stack Engineering Interns should have experience using the Haskell programming language, or a strong desire to learn it, some familiarity with S Q L, and experience using the Type Script programming language. In this role you can expect to do a combination of the frontend and backend work that is described above.
 This is a paid full-time remote summer internship for 12-16 weeks between May- August. Our internship program is intended for individuals enrolled in an academic program (undergraduate, graduate, M B A, etc.). Individuals interested not enrolled in an academic program at this time are encouraged to apply to any of our full-time openings.
 In terms of compensation, the hourly rate for candidates based in the U S is $55. The hourly rate for candidates based in Canada is C A D 55.
 Applications close February 9, 2024.
# L I- D N I
---------------------- 
