Jobber: Software_Engineering_Intern_8_or_months_Summer_2024  ------- 5-Feb
 
Company Overview Jobber, a leading operations management software provider for home service businesses, has a proven track record of success, with over 200 K professionals serving 27 million households across 60+ countries and invoicing over $40 billion in services. The company's rapid growth and recognition by reputable organizations like The Globe and Mail, Fast Company, and Deloitte, underscore its competitive advantage and industry leadership. Jobber's culture fosters technical advancement, enabling it to consistently deliver top-tier solutions that meet the evolving needs of its global clientele.
---------------------- 
Company Stage Series D Total Funding $183.5 M Founded2011 Headquarters Edmonton, Canada
---------------------- 
Growth & Insights Headcount6 month growth↑ 10%1 year growth↑ 23%2 year growth↑ 39%
---------------------- 
Requirements Currently in a Co- Op program (second year or above) through a post-secondary institution Completed a boot camp from an accredited institution Recent graduates from a program specializing in Computer Science or Software Engineering as well as career pivoters
---------------------- 
Responsibilities Participate in the development of feature set for the Jobber web and mobile apps Grow knowledge in technologies like Ruby on Rails, Graph Q L, React, Typescript, Postgresql Collaborate with industry-leading engineers and work in a team environment Participate in bi-weekly company stand-ups, hackathons, town halls, monthly P D All Hands and Intern workshops
---------------------- 
Desired Qualifications Experience with technologies like Ruby on Rails, Graph Q L, React, Typescript, Postgresql
---------------------- 
Do you want to build an amazing product at one of the fastest-growing software companies in Canada?
 Then Jobber might be the place for you! We’re looking for two Software Engineering Interns to join our Product Engineering Department on an 8 or 12-month internship! 
 Jobber exists to help people in small businesses be successful. We work with small home service businesses, like your local plumbers, painters, and landscapers, to transform the way service is delivered through technology. With Jobber they can quote, schedule, invoice, and collect payments from their customers while providing an easy and professional customer experience. Running a small business today isn’t like it used to be—the way we consume and deliver service is changing rapidly, technology is evolving, and customers expect more. That’s why we put the power and flexibility in their hands to run their businesses how, where, and when they want!
 Our culture of transparency, inclusivity, collaboration, and innovation has been recognized by Great Place to Work, Canada’s Most Admired Corporate Cultures, and more. Jobber has also been named on the Globe and Mail’s Canada’s Top Growing Companies list, and Deloitte Canada’s Technology Fast 50™, Enterprise Fast 15, and Technology Fast 500™ lists. With an Executive team that has over thirty years of industry experience of leading the way, we’ve come a long way from our first customer in 2011—but we’ve just scratched the surface of what we want to accomplish for our customers.
 Our internship: 
 We’re looking for Software Engineering Interns to join our scrum teams at Jobber! These scrum teams are made up of engineers, designers, and product managers who all come together to build really important features that solve problems for our customers. You’ll collaborate closely with industry-leading engineers, getting the opportunity to work in a team environment. You’ll learn all aspects of the development lifecycle - experimentation, design, coding, code reviews - while also growing your knowledge of different technologies, and seeing your hard work shipped to Jobber customers worldwide.
 So what can you expect from your internship?

 To actively participate in the development of our feature set for the Jobber web and mobile apps. It’s not every day that you get a chance to build something that’s going to be used by Service Providers to deliver essential services to hundreds of thousands of people.
 To grow your knowledge in technologies like Ruby on Rails, Graph Q L, React, Typescript, Postgresql... you get the idea.
 To be part of an inclusive environment that believes in bettering and developing its people, through formal mentorship opportunities, regular interactions with your People Leader and more! 
 Impactful teams and connections - from participating in bi-weekly company stand-ups, hackathons, town halls, monthly P D All Hands and Intern workshops, you’ll be immersed in a culture that encourages you to foster connections and provides all the information you need to leave better than you started.

 We are looking for one intern for each of the following teams:
 Our S C First Touch team helps small home service businesses interface with their customers with an emphasis on the initial contact. Our current work is focused on enabling Service Customers ( S Cs) to book appointments online, so Jobber users can win work for our Service Providers ( S Ps) while they sleep.
 The Workday team aims to enhance day-of-work experience for fieldworkers, customers, and business administrators. The team owns a suite of tools tailored for fieldworkers on the go, as well as supporting business administrators in organizational tasks. This means you will have hands-on experience working with both our mobile and web applications, providing valuable exposure to the intersection of technology and business operations.
 Past projects our Interns have worked on include: 

 Location Timers: making our S P’s time tracking super easy for scheduling, payroll, and more.
 Online Booking: allowing our S Ps to win more work with less effort. S Ps can share their booking page so their customers can book services directly into their calendars.
 Filters and Searching functionality:  to let our S Ps access their most critical or used data types and patterns quickly and easily.
 Database and model advancement: giving our S Ps greater autonomy for future application requests
 Logic improvements: an opportunity to manipulate elements of our software to automate account changes and key feature additions successfully.!
 Revision of 3rd Party Mechanism: an update of queries responding to some of our S P’s most favoured features

 To be successful, you’ll need:

 To be humble. You believe everything is a learning experience. You check your ego at the door and open your mind to diversity in process, thinking and ideas.
 To be supportive. You jump in when needed and look to build your teammates up as you continue to learn and grow yourself. You also support and encourage feedback from your team and get excited about the opportunity for mentorship and celebrating team successes.
 To give a shit. You’re passionate, driven and you care about your work and your life. You’re the kind of person motivated by purpose and making a difference.  

 At Jobber, we offer an 8 or 12-month Internship that is open to anyone:





























 Currently in a Co- Op program (second year or above) through a post-secondary institution
 Who has completed a boot camp from an accredited institution
 Recent graduates from a program specializing in Computer Science or Software Engineering as well as career pivoters 

 Please note: this job posting is for Summer 2024 starting May. As this is a contract position, it is not eligible for specific benefits as part of our total compensation and rewards package. More information will be provided as part of the interview process.




























 The deadline to apply is Thursday, February 8th at 11:00 am E S T.  What you can expect from Jobber:
 Having been named as a  Top 10 Great Place to Work in Canada, we walk the talk. Here are just some of the great things you can expect from us:

 A total compensation package that includes an extended health benefits package with fully paid premiums for both body and mind, R R S P matching, and stock options.
 A dedicated Coaching and Development function, including Development Coaches, to help build the career you want and hit the goals you set, while ensuring you’re reaching your fullest potential.
 Support for all your breaks: from vacation to rest and recharge, your birthday off to celebrate, health days to support your physical and mental health, and parental leave top-ups to support your growing family.
 A unique opportunity to build, grow, and leave your impact on a $400-billion industry that has no dominant player...yet.
 To work with a group of people who are humble, supportive, and give a sh*t about our customers. 

 We believe that diverse teams perform better and that fostering an inclusive work environment is a key part of growing a successful team. We welcome people of diverse backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We are an equal opportunity employer, and we are committed to working with applicants requesting accommodation at any stage of the hiring process.
 A bit more about us:
 Job by job, we’re transforming the way service is delivered. Your lawn care provider, home cleaning service, plumber or painter could use Jobber to better connect with their customers, save time in the office, invoice faster, and get paid! We’re bringing tens of thousands of people together with technology to deliver billions of dollars a year in services to happy customers. Jobber exists to help make these small businesses successful, and when they’re successful we all win!
---------------------- 
