HubSpot: Hubspot_Software_Engineer_Summer_Internship_UK  ------- 5-Feb
 
Company Overview Hub Spot believes businesses can grow with a conscience, and succeed with a soul — and that they can do it with inbound. That's why they've created an ecosystem uniting software, education, and community to help businesses grow better every day.
---------------------- 
Company Stage N/ A Total Funding $231.2 M Founded2006 Headquarters Cambridge, Massachusetts
---------------------- 
Growth & Insights Headcount6 month growth↑ 7%1 year growth↑ 9%2 year growth↑ 38%
---------------------- 
Requirements Available to work full time from May or June - August 2024 Web development experience Strong understanding of Hub Spot’s business, products, and culture Excellent communication and collaboration skills
---------------------- 
Responsibilities Solving complex problems Working with engineers in small teams Developing middle tier A P Is & web services in Java ( Drop Wizard) Creating dynamic web applications written in Java Script ( React, E C M A Script 6, Sass) Developing core data and infrastructure with various technologies such as H Base, Elastic Search, Zoo Keeper, Redis, My S Q L, and Memcached Running, monitoring, and deploying to multiple data centers & the cloud ( Dev Ops & S R E)
---------------------- 
Desired Qualifications Projects like mobile apps, web apps, or games beyond coursework An unmatched curiosity to learn and grow skills with new challenges Confidence taking on big initiatives and leading projects in a fast-paced environment
---------------------- 
Confidence can sometimes hold us back from applying for a job. But we’ll let you in on a secret: there’s no such thing as the ’perfect’ candidate. Hub Spot is a place where everyone can grow. So however you identify and whatever background you bring with you, please apply if this is a role that would make you excited to come into work every day.
 Hub Spot is looking for co-ops and interns who are interested in solving complex problems and being part of one of the fastest growing, most ambitious engineering teams in the world. Hub Spot engineering co-ops and interns work with our engineers in small teams with minimal process and are given the freedom to do big things and own the software they create.
 We have the Summer Internship role open for our 2024 program - Must be available to work full time from May or June - August 2024 to apply. Applications will open on February 5th and the closing deadline for applications is February 12th at 9 A M ( G M T)
 You must be available to work full time for the duration of the role you are applying to. 
 Our technology stack is diverse, and we are looking to fill roles for a variety of projects including:

 Middle tier A P Is & web services in Java ( Drop Wizard) 
 Dynamic web applications written in Java Script ( React, E C M A Script 6, Sass)
 Core data and infrastructure development with H Base, Elastic Search, Zoo Keeper, Redis, My S Q L, and Memcached.
 Running, monitoring, and deploying to thousands of servers in multiple data centers & the cloud ( Dev Ops & S R E)

 Candidates should have web development experience (projects like mobile apps, web apps, or games beyond coursework is a plus) and top candidates will have:

 An unmatched curiosity to learn and grow their skills with new challenges
 A strong understanding of Hub Spot’s business, products, and culture
 Excellent communication and collaboration skills
 Confidence taking on big initiatives and leading projects in a fast-paced environment

 As an engineer you will get a Mac Book Pro 16 and a Git Hub Enterprise account on your first day.  Working closely with your team, you will start shipping production code right away.
 Come help us build real products that thousands of customers depend on. To read more about our Product and Engineering team at Hub Spot, check out this page : http://product.hubspot.com/jobs-internships-co-ops
 For more information on Hub Spot’s internship and co-op opportunities, visit Hub Spot.com/ Students
 We know the confidence gap and imposter syndrome can get in the way of meeting spectacular candidates, so please don’t hesitate to apply — we’d love to hear from you.
 If you need accommodations or assistance due to a disability, please reach out to us using this form.  This information will be treated as confidential and used only for the purpose of determining an appropriate accommodation for the interview process.

 Germany Applicants: (m/f/d) - link to Hub Spot’s Career Diversity page here.

 About Hub Spot
 Hub Spot ( N Y S E: H U B S) is a leading customer relationship management ( C R M) platform that provides software and support to help businesses grow better. We build marketing, sales, service, and website management products that start free and scale to meet our customers’ needs at any stage of growth. We’re also building a company culture that empowers people to do their best work. If that sounds like something you’d like to be part of, we’d love to hear from you.
 You can find out more about our company culture in the Hub Spot Culture Code, which has more than 5 M views, and learn about our commitment to creating a diverse and inclusive workplace, too. Thanks to the work of every employee globally, Hub Spot was named the #2 Best Place to Work on Glassdoor in 2022, and has been recognized for award-winning culture by Great Place to Work, Comparably, Fortune, Entrepreneur, Inc., and more.
 Headquartered in Cambridge, Massachusetts, Hub Spot was founded in 2006. Today, thousands of employees work across the globe in Hub Spot offices and remotely. Visit our careers website to learn more about culture and opportunities at Hub Spot. 

 By submitting your application, you agree that Hub Spot may collect your personal data for recruiting, global organization planning, and related purposes. Hub Spot’s  Privacy Notice explains what personal information we may process, where we may process your personal information, our purposes for processing your personal information, and the rights you can exercise over Hub Spot’s use of your personal information.
---------------------- 
