Virtru: Federal_Engineering_Intern  ------- 7-Feb
 
Company Stage Series C Total Funding $142 M Founded2012 Headquarters Washington, District of Columbia
---------------------- 
Growth & Insights Headcount6 month growth↓ -3%1 year growth↓ -5%2 year growth↑ 12%
---------------------- 
Requirements U S citizenship Currently pursuing or current degree in Computer Science or related field
---------------------- 
Responsibilities Developing a web-based product that allows customers to view T D F encrypted files such as P D F, Office, C A D, images, and videos Developing Microsoft Office Add-ins to enable customers to encrypt and decrypt various parts of Office documents Developing a framework for End-to- End testing for integration into Virtru Federal’s C I/ C D pipeline Building software that will meaningfully impact how people approach data privacy Work collaboratively in a fast-paced environment where you'll touch a variety of projects and products Deploy and operate a highly available, scalable Enterprise Saa S application in a Dev Ops environment Take ownership of the entire lifecycle and toolchain of an application from code, to various types of automated tests (unit, integration, Selenium, canaries), to deployment
---------------------- 
Desired Qualifications Familiarity with data structure and algorithms Demonstrable understanding of software design patterns Familiarity with the Software development process from writing code for personal projects, coding competitions, or research Languages: Java Script, Type Script, Python, C#, and . N E T code Infrastructure: G C P using Terraform, Ansible, Docker, Kubernetes Tooling: React, Webpack, Django, Express J S, Node J S, Postgre S Q L Must be a self-starter who works well independently on assigned tasks and products Desire to learn and grow with a close-knit engineering team Interest working in the Federal sector Thinking outside of the box to respectfully challenge your teammates and managers in the pursuit of excellence Strong sense of urgency with an action-oriented mindset Able to collaborate and adapt to shifting priorities as business needs evolve Comfortable with asynchronous communication including slack, email, zoom, etc.
---------------------- 
About Virtru:
 Virtru is a leading data protection provider backed by some of the foremost venture capital firms in Silicon Valley and the Mid- Atlantic region, including Iconiq Capital, Bessemer Venture Partners, Foundry Capital, and Tiger Global. Today, more than ever, data demands respect, and that’s why Virtru is committed to changing the rules for data privacy. At Virtru, we equip our customers to take granular control of their data—everywhere it’s shared—through end-to-end encryption for Google, Microsoft, and other data sharing platforms. Our market-leading portfolio of data encryption and privacy enhancing applications are remarkably easy to use, fast to implement, affordable for all, and built on the Trusted Data Format ( T D F) open standard.
 At Virtru, our motto is " Respect the people. Respect the data." Respecting data to us means keeping it secure and protected at all times across its entire lifecycle. We firmly believe that when you respect data, you’re demonstrating respect for the people who own that data.
 Working at Virtru, you’ll be inspired by colleagues who are passionate about the work they do. We are dedicated to creating an atmosphere that sparks creativity, connection, and professional growth while empowering each other to do our best work. We’re building something special at Virtru. We hope you consider joining our team and helping us create a brighter future for data privacy. This internship role requires U S citizenship. This is a paid Summer 2024 Internship. This is a temporary, full-time internship. Candidates must be able to commit to a 10 week program.
 Team & Position Details: 
 As an Intern on our Federal Engineering team, you will work alongside engineers in our rapidly growing federal customer base, from the Department of Defense to the greater Intelligence Community, as well as Law Enforcement and numerous Civilian agencies. Virtru’s platform and products are Fed R A M P and S O C2 Type 2 certified. As Virtru continues to grow worldwide, including in the U. S. Federal Government market, we are expanding our federal software development team to help us continue to rapidly scale in the U. S. Federal Government market. As an Engineer on this team, you will be on the cutting edge of Zero- Trust - the future of data and service protection!
 The ideal candidate will have a natural passion for digital privacy, software development, and great user experiences.  You’ll have the opportunity to work with a stellar team of passionate Engineers who are collaborative, cohesive, and dedicated to producing high-quality results.  We encourage curiosity and have a culture that encourages growth.  
 As a Federal Engineering Intern, your projects will include:

 Developing a web-based product that allows customers to view T D F encrypted files such as P D F, Office, C A D, images, and videos.
 Developing Microsoft Office Add-ins to enable customers to encrypt and decrypt various parts of Office documents.
 Developing a framework for End-to- End testing for integration into Virtru Federal’s C I/ C D pipeline

 As a Federal Engineering Intern, your responsibilities will include:

 Building software that will meaningfully impact how people approach data privacy
 Work collaboratively in a fast-paced environment where you’ll touch a variety of projects and products
 Deploy and operate a highly available, scalable Enterprise Saa S application in a Dev Ops environment
 Take ownership of the entire lifecycle and toolchain of an application from code, to various types of automated tests (unit, integration, Selenium, canaries), to deployment.

 Skills and Tools that will help you thrive in this role: 

 Familiarity with data structure and algorithms
 Demonstrable understanding of software design patterns
 Familiarity with the Software development process from writing code for personal projects, coding competitions, or research

 Languages: Java Script, Type Script, Python, C#, and . N E T code
 Infrastructure: G C P using Terraform, Ansible, Docker, Kubernetes
 Tooling: React, Webpack, Django, Express J S, Node J S, Postgre S Q L

 Must be a self-starter who works well independently on assigned tasks and products
 Desire to learn and grow with a close-knit engineering team
 Currently pursuing or current degree in Computer Science or related field
 Interest working in the Federal sector

 Virtruvian qualities that will set you up for success:

 Thinking outside of the box to respectfully challenge your teammates and managers in the pursuit of excellence
 Strong sense of urgency with an action-oriented mindset
 Able to collaborate and adapt to shifting priorities as business needs evolve
 Comfortable with asynchronous communication including slack, email, zoom, etc.

 As a Virtru Intern:
 During the interview process, you will meet with your Manager and discuss role expectations, your interests, and your skills. As a Virtru intern, you will work closely with your team and assist with challenging tasks and responsibilities to help Virtru come closer to achieving our goals. And of course, if you would like to learn more about something, just ask. 
 During the summer Internship Cohort, you will be managed by your internship coordinator and H R advocate, Bella. Organized events, such as games nights, career workshops, and speaker series sessions are planned and executed specifically for interns. 
 Events to note:

 First week of Onboarding, just like a full-time employee!
 Weekly sessions with your H R advocate, 1:1 and in a group setting
 Formal feedback sessions
1:1 session with Steering/ Executive Leader
 Opportunity for in-office visit/mentorship 

 As an important team member of Virtru, you will be included in company-wide meetings and events, including one-on-one sessions with your department’s executive leader (giving you a peek as to what it’s like working with us full-time)!. You will gain real-world, hands-on learning and contribute to critical elements of an enterprise Software as a Service ( Saa S) business. You will be joining a highly collaborative company, with the opportunity to reach out to anyone for questions, with a summer mentor and H R advocate to assist you with internal networking!
 This internship is for learners ready to work in a connected hybrid environment. While we are not a strict 9-5 work environment, you will be responsible for timely responses in Slack, email, and meeting attendance. 
 Intern Perks & Benefits:
 At Virtru, we believe people do their best work when their wellbeing is put first. This is why we make your wellbeing our priority with a thoughtful and holistic program that encompasses Occupational, Mental, Social, Physical, and Environmental Wellness by offering benefits such as…

 Our Sales and Marketing team is currently operating in a hybrid capacity, with the expectation that employees would travel to our headquarters (1801 Pennsylvania Avenue N W) 2-3 days per week, as well as for specific team and company-wide events.
 Internal mobility options for those interested in exploring their skills in other areas of the business
 Frequent company-sponsored Team Celebrations that provide ample opportunities to connect with teammates and be social!
 A high degree of flexibility — Have an appointment, errand, or family emergency to take care of? Hop to it! We give you the time and space to take care of you and your own first. We only ask that you communicate with your team and manager to let them know when you will be unavailable.

 In addition to wellbeing, Virtru places a strong emphasis on diversity, equity, inclusion, and belonging. Our D E& I Council is dedicated to fostering an inclusive workplace and making the psychological safety of each and every one of our teammates a top priority. The Council also hosts a range of events throughout the year focused on the continual education of our teammates on social justice issues, current events, and marginalized cultures and communities. 
 Virtru is committed to building an inclusive environment for people of all backgrounds and everyone is encouraged to apply. Virtru is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, religion, disability, national origin, protected veteran status, age, or any other status protected by applicable national, federal, state, or local law.
---------------------- 
