_identifeye_HEALTH: Software_Engineering_Internship_Backend  ------- 5-Feb
 
Company Overvieware Identifeye Health, a company that is pioneering a non-invasive diagnostic platform that leverages the unique visibility of the retina to detect a wide range of health conditions. Our commitment to democratizing healthcare is evident in our efforts to provide affordable, convenient, and efficient access to healthcare, enabling patients to be more involved in their care decisions. Backed by the 4 Catalyzer accelerator, we are part of a robust network of scientists and engineers, and our founder, Jonathan Rothberg, is renowned for his significant contributions to D N A sequencing and ultrasound technology.
---------------------- 
Company Stage Series B Total Funding $80 M Founded2018 Headquarters Guilford, Connecticut
---------------------- 
Growth & Insights Headcount6 month growth↓ -6%1 year growth↑ 6%2 year growth↑ 9%
---------------------- 
Requirements Currently pursuing a Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer Science or a related field Software development experience in a general purpose programming language Experience with Typescript is a plus Understanding of data structures and algorithms Experience with software testing concepts and best practices Experience with version control systems such as git Ability to learn other programming languages as needed
---------------------- 
Responsibilities Implement new features and automated tests in codebases Participate in the code review process Evaluate software solutions to problems considering trade-offs and edge cases
---------------------- 
Who We Are
 Join us on our mission to democratize access to the abundance of health information in the human eye! Here at identifeye H E A L T H Inc., we’re pioneering a new branch in diagnostics between laboratory medicine and radiology, that will enable regular non-invasive health monitoring for both ocular and systemic diseases. 
 We believe in empowering the individual by building approachable and intuitive products to provide personalized health insights to each and every patient. Our products are portable, affordable, easy to use and connected devices for early disease detection and monitoring.
 We are born from 4 Catalyzer - a rapidly growing health-tech incubator founded by Dr. Jonathan Rothberg, an award-winning scientist and highly successful serial entrepreneur. We are fostering a culture of technical excellence where you have the opportunity to learn, explore and see your ideas come to life. 
 Joining identifeye H E A L T H is the opportunity to redesign the future of healthcare through the power of technology. We are here to solve real-world problems and maximize global impact, motivated by the idea that our products will change lives, including the ones of people you love.
 What We Live By

 Prioritize the Patient - We make products that remove barriers between quality care and the people who need it 
 Data- Driven Decisions - We search for the best solutions; objective, backed by data, and optimized for speed, simplicity and scale
 Support Each Other - We celebrate the ideas and contributions of our teammates and recognize that we can only succeed as a team, and when each person feels heard and valued
 Simplify - We build intuitive solutions to simplify patient care

 What You Will Be Doing
 The identifeye H E A L T H Internship Program provides an opportunity for students and early career professionals to gain valuable industry experience, allowing them to develop technical skills, hone professional etiquette, learn from industry leaders, identify potential career paths and apply their academic knowledge.
 Interns will have the opportunity to contribute to the exciting work happening within identifeye, build long lasting professional relationships with our team and most importantly - have fun!
 From the outset of the internship, you will be treated as a full-fledged member of the Software Engineering team. You’ll work with other engineers on the team to develop and prioritize stories, implement new features, participate in code reviews, and deploy our applications. It’s an exciting time at identifeye H E A L T H - we’re moving quickly and there’s lots to do - so, there will be some opportunity to tailor this experience to align with your areas of interest. By the end of your internship, we want you to have made meaningful and impactful contributions to our first product. This internship will be focused on backend development.
 As part of our team, your core responsibilities will be to:

 Implement new features and automated tests in our codebases
 Participate in the code review process 
 Evaluate software solutions to problems while considering trade-offs and edge cases

 Internship roles are temporary, and will run for approximately 12 weeks. This role is based around a full-time schedule of 40 hours/week. Start and end dates can be flexible. This role is required to be based in the greater New York City area. The role will be primarily remote, but will require a cadence of visits with our software team in N Y C.
 What We Are Looking For
 Skills, Experiences, & Attributes:

 Currently Bachelor’s or Master’s degree student studying Computer Science or a related field
 Software development experience in a general purpose programming language.  Experience with Typescript a plus.
 Demonstrated interest and ability to learn other programming languages as needed
 Experience with software testing concepts and best practices
 Demonstrated understanding of data structures and algorithms
 Experience with version control systems such as git
 Ability to thrive in a fast-paced, small team environment

 What We Offer
 Anticipated  Salary  Range:  $30/hour to $42/hour. The base salary range represents the anticipated low and high end of the salary range for this position. Actual salaries will vary and may be above or below the range based on various factors including but not limited to work location, operational needs, potential employee qualifications and other considerations permitted by law.
identifeye H E A L T H Inc. does not accept agency resumes.
identifeye H E A L T H Inc. is an E- Verify and equal opportunity employer regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, gender, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability or Veteran status. All your information will be kept confidential according to E E O guidelines.
---------------------- 
