Chime: Data_Scientist_Intern  ------- 3-Feb
 
Company Overview Chime's mission is to make financial peace of mind a reality for everyone. The company has created "a new approach to online banking that doesn’t rely on fees, gets you your paycheck up to 2 days early with direct deposit, and helps you grow your savings automatically."
---------------------- 
Company Stage Series G Total Funding $2.2 B Founded2012 Headquarters San Francisco, California
---------------------- 
Growth & Insights Headcount6 month growth↑ 3%1 year growth↑ 7%2 year growth↑ 20%
---------------------- 
Requirements Bachelor's or Master’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, Statistics, or a related field Proficient programming skills in Python for developing M L & feature engineering systems Intermediate S Q L skills for wrangling data from various sources Coursework or hands-on experience in building advanced machine learning techniques Proficiency in leveraging various M L/ D L toolkits such as Keras, Py Torch, Tensor Flow, Scikit-learn, Spark M L Familiarity with cloud and infrastructure services Strong passion for teamwork and effective communication with both technical and non-technical partners
---------------------- 
Responsibilities Assist in the design, training, and deployment of innovative M L models Work on internal tooling and standards that reduce M L model development time Learn about Sage Maker M L pipeline infrastructure for model training, evaluation, and deployment at scale Develop M L techniques that drive broad impact across multiple models Work with cross-functional Subject Matter Experts ( S M Es) to understand how M L is developed and utilized at scale within a corporation Actively engage with the data community at Chime by sharing knowledge and learning about M L and other technical standards and processes Collaborate closely with data and platform engineers to design and build next-generation data/ M L products
---------------------- 
Desired Qualifications Familiarity with cloud and infrastructure services
---------------------- 
About the Role 
 In this role, you’ll join the Data Science and Platform ( D S P) team at Chime, responsible for developing innovative machine learning ( M L) solutions in the fintech industry. Your work will significantly impact various customer touch points, including account access, identity verification, transactions, ticket resolution, personalization, and marketing. The ideal candidate should demonstrate proficiency in data analysis, machine learning, and software engineering, and also possess the ability to collaborate effectively with team members who have diverse skill sets. You will gain valuable professional experience working alongside leading M L practitioners, leveraging cutting-edge M L models and platform capabilities. This role offers an exciting opportunity to learn and contribute to a critical development area at Chime, potentially impacting millions of our members.
 This role is structured as a 3 month engagement. The starting hourly rate offered for this role and target level of experience will begin at $34 and up to $49. The actual base salary offered may be higher, depending on your location, skills, qualifications, and experience.
 In this role, you can expect to

 Assist in the design, training, and deployment of innovative M L models, enhancing the efficacy of Chime’s mission-critical machine learning systems.
 Work on internal tooling and standards that reduce M L model development time and deliver an excellent Data Science ( D S) experience.
 Learn about our Sage Maker M L pipeline infrastructure for model training, evaluation, and deployment at scale.
 Develop M L techniques that drive broad impact across multiple models, improving overall efficiency and effectiveness.
 Work with cross-functional Subject Matter Experts ( S M Es) to understand how M L is developed and utilized at scale within a corporation, encompassing compliance workflows, design considerations, and technical architecture.
 Actively engage with the data community at Chime by sharing knowledge and learning about M L and other technical standards and processes.
 Collaborate closely with data and platform engineers to design and build next-generation data/ M L products, supporting Chime’s data solutions at scale.

 To thrive in this role, you have

 A Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, Statistics, or a related field. 
 A passion for learning and applying technology to solve real-world problems.
 Proficient programming skills ( Python preferred) for developing M L & feature engineering systems, and intermediate S Q L skills for wrangling data from various sources.
 Coursework or hands-on experience in building advanced machine learning techniques, including G B M’s, deep learning models, embeddings, Graph Neural Networks ( G N Ns), transformers, etc
 Proficiency in leveraging various M L/ D L toolkits such as Keras, Py Torch, Tensor Flow, Scikit-learn, Spark M L, etc.
 Familiarity with cloud and infrastructure services is a plus.
 A strong passion for teamwork and effective communication with both technical and non-technical partners.

 A little about us
 At Chime, we believe that everyone can achieve financial progress. We’re passionate about developing solutions and services to empower people to succeed. Every day, we start with empathy for our members and stay motivated by our desire to support them in ways that make a meaningful difference.
 We created Chime—a financial technology company, not a bank*-- founded on the premise that basic banking services should be helpful, transparent, and fair. Chime helps unlock the access and ability our members need to overcome the systemic barriers that block them from moving forward. By providing members with access to liquidity, rewards, and credit building, our easy-to-use tools and intuitive platforms give members the ability to have more control over their money and to take action toward achieving their financial ambitions.
 So far, we’re well-loved by our members and proud to have helped millions of people unlock financial progress, whether they started a savings account, bought their first car or home, opened a business, or went to college. Every day, we’re inspired by our members’ dreams and successes, big and small.
 We’re uniting everyday people to unlock their financial progress—will you join us?
* Chime partners with The Bancorp Bank and Stride Bank, N. A., Members F D I C, that power the bank accounts used by Chime Members.
 Perks once Full- Time

🏢 A thoughtful hybrid work policy that combines in-office days and trips to team and company-wide events depending on location to ensure you stay connected to your work and teammates, whether you’re local to one of our offices or remote
💻 Hybrid work perks, like Urban Sitter and Kinside for backup child, elder and/or pet care, as well as a subsidized commuter benefit
💰 Competitive salary based on experience
✨ 401k match plus great medical, dental, vision, life, and disability benefits
🏝 Generous vacation policy and company-wide Take Care of Yourself Days
🫂 1% of your time off to support local community organizations of your choice
🧠 Mental health support with therapy and coaching through Modern Health
👶 16 weeks of paid parental leave for all parents and an additional 6-8 weeks for birthing parents
👪 Access to Maven, a family planning tool, with up to $10k in reimbursement for egg freezing, fertility treatments, adoption, and more.
🎉 In-person and virtual events to connect with your fellow Chimers—think cooking classes, guided meditations, music festivals, mixology classes, paint nights, etc., and delicious snack boxes, too!
💚 A challenging and fulfilling opportunity to join one of the most experienced teams in Fin Tech and help millions unlock financial progress

 We know that great work can’t be done without a diverse team and inclusive environment. That’s why we specifically look for individuals of varying strengths, skills, backgrounds, and ideas to join our team. We believe this gives us a competitive advantage to better serve our members and helps us all grow as Chimers and individuals.
 We hire candidates of any race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, marital or family status, disability, Veteran status, and any other status. Chime is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer and will consider qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Cook County Ordinance, and consistent with Canadian provincial and federal laws. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know.
 To learn more about how Chime collects and uses your personal information during the application process, please see the  Chime Applicant Privacy Notice.
---------------------- 
