Thousand_Eyes: Software_Engineer_Intern_User_Experience_Engineering  ------- 2-Feb
 
Company Stage N/ A Total Funding $113 M Founded2010 Headquarters San Francisco, California
---------------------- 
Growth & Insights Headcount6 month growth↑ 6%1 year growth↑ 17%2 year growth↑ 75%
---------------------- 
Requirements Pursuing a technical Bachelor's or Master's degree or equivalent experience in computer science Strong foundation in modern frontend best practices in frameworks such as React, Angular, or Vue Authorized to work in the U. S. without requiring sponsorship
---------------------- 
Responsibilities Build rich and dynamic web applications with modern frontend best practices Tackle open-ended problems and learn while doing so Collaborate and communicate among and outside of the team
---------------------- 
Desired Qualifications Experience with software/coding boot camp or technical associates degree
---------------------- 
Who We Are:
 The name Thousand Eyes was born from two big ideas: the power to see what’s not ordinarily possible, and the ability to collect intelligence from vantage points as diverse and global as the Internet. As organizations depend on cloud services, the Internet has become their defacto network connecting cloud applications to users. Our Internet and cloud intelligence platform is like a ‘ Google Maps of the Internet’, providing the only collectively powered view of digital experiences end-to-end. We enable our customers made up of the world’s largest and fastest-growing brands, to identify problems before they impact revenue, brand reputation, or employee productivity.
 In August 2020, Cisco Systems completed the acquisition of Thousand Eyes, which now forms the Thousand Eyes Business Unit within Cisco’s Network Services Business Group, and is a foundational component of Cisco’s growing Observability business.
 About The Role:
 What we’re looking for:

 You are pursuing a technical Bachelor’s or Master’s degree or have equivalent experience with a strong foundation in the fundamentals of computer science - O R- pursuing a software/coding boot camp (or educational training program) and/or technical associates degree with a strong foundation in the fundamentals of computer science. 
 You strive to build rich and dynamic web applications with modern frontend best practices in frameworks such as React, Angular, or Vue
 You have a keen eye for detail, a passion for clean and intuitive user experiences, and empathy for the user
 You are eager to make an impact within a small engineering team, tackle open-ended problems, and learn while doing so
 You place a high value on collaboration and communication among and outside of your team
 You are authorized to work in the U. S. without requiring sponsorship now or in the future

 About the Team:
 As the User Experience Engineering ( U X E) team, our mission is to evangelize the technology, standards, patterns, and best practices for U I design and development that make the Thousand Eyes product intuitive to use and simple to build. We help our product teams create the highest quality, accessible, and visually rich user experience possible based on proven industry standards with reusable building blocks.
 We deliver Iris, the Thousand Eyes Design System, which is the component library and set of design and engineering standards that drive consistency and transparency across all Thousand Eyes user interfaces. Developers on the U X E team are interested in pixel-perfect frontend code, engaging user experiences, beautiful data visualizations, and healthy cross-team collaboration. Our work maximizes the ease, quality, consistency, and velocity of design and development across all of our products.
 Intern Program Overview: 
 Thousand Eyes interns and co-ops join the team for 12- and 16-week programs, respectively, and are placed directly onto subteams. During the program, interns/co-ops have the opportunity to work on a small starter project, such as the integration and implementation of new tools, before spending the majority of the program on a larger project, such as building the infrastructure for a new service. Projects are cross-functional, which allows insight into new languages and technologies, helps encourage professional growth within engineering, and allows a sense of ownership within the team. Thousand Eyes engineering teams place a high emphasis on mentorship. Each intern and co-op is matched 1:1 with a mentor who provides continual feedback and guidance throughout the duration of the program. Mentors help with introductions to other team members, overviews of tools and processes, and provide a seamless integration into Thousand Eyes Life.
 Cisco is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, genetic information, age, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected basis. Cisco will consider for employment, on a case-by-case basis, qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
 Why Cisco
# We Are Cisco, where each person is unique, but we bring our talents to work as a team and make a difference powering an inclusive future for all.
 We embrace digital, and help our customers implement change in their digital businesses. Some may think we’re “old” (36 years strong) and only about hardware, but we’re also a software company. And a security company. We even invented an intuitive network that adapts, predicts, learns and protects. No other company can do what we do –you can’t put us in a box! But “ Digital Transformation” is an empty buzz phrase without a culture that allows for innovation, creativity, and yes, even failure (if you learn from it.)
 Day to day, we focus on the give and take. We give our best, give our egos a break, and give of ourselves (because giving back is built into our D N A.) We take accountability, bold steps, and take difference to heart. Because without diversity of thought and a dedication to equality for all, there is no moving forward.
 So, you have colorful hair? Don’t care. Tattoos? Show off your ink. Like polka dots? That’s cool. Pop culture geek? Many of us are. Passion for technology and world-changing? Be you, with us.

 We recognize that diverse teams make the strongest teams, and we encourage people from all backgrounds to apply.
---------------------- 
