Thousand_Eyes: Software_Engineer_Intern_Cloud_and_Enterprise_Agents  ------- 2-Feb
 
Company Stage N/ A Total Funding $113 M Founded2010 Headquarters San Francisco, California
---------------------- 
Growth & Insights Headcount6 month growth↑ 6%1 year growth↑ 17%2 year growth↑ 75%
---------------------- 
Requirements Pursuing a technical bachelors or masters degree or equivalent experience in computer science Experience with front-end frameworks such as React, Angular, or Vue Familiarity with programming languages and web frameworks like Java and Python Experience with S Q L and relational Databases Authorized to work in the U. S. without requiring sponsorship
---------------------- 
Responsibilities Building rich and dynamic web applications with front-end frameworks Working with programming languages and web frameworks like Java and Python Working with S Q L and relational Databases Tackling open-ended problems Joining the team for 12 and 16 week programs, respectively, and working on small and larger projects
---------------------- 
Desired Qualifications Experience with integration and implementation of new tools Experience with building the infrastructure for a new service Cross-functional project experience with new languages and technologies
---------------------- 
Who We Are:
 The name Thousand Eyes was born from two big ideas: the power to see what’s not ordinarily possible, and the ability to collect intelligence from vantage points as diverse and global as the Internet. As organizations depend on cloud services, the Internet has become their defacto network connecting cloud applications to users. Our Internet and cloud intelligence platform is like a ‘ Google maps of the Internet’, providing the only collectively powered view of digital experiences end-to-end. We enable our customers made up of the world’s largest and fastest-growing brands, to identify problems before they impact revenue, brand reputation, or employee productivity.
 In August 2020, Cisco Systems completed the acquisition of Thousand Eyes, which now forms the Thousand Eyes Business Unit within Cisco’s Network Services Business Group, and is a foundational component of Cisco’s growing Observability business.
 About The Role:
 What we’re looking for:

 You are pursuing a technical bachelors or masters degree or have equivalent experience with a strong foundation in the fundamentals of computer science - O R- pursuing a software/coding boot camp (or educational training program) and/or technical associates degree with a strong foundation in the fundamentals of computer science. 
 You strive to build rich and dynamic web applications with front-end frameworks such as React, Angular, or Vue
 You are familiar with programming languages and web frameworks like Java and Python
 You have worked with S Q L and relational Databases 
 You would flourish within a small engineering team and are excited to tackle open-ended problems • Authorized to work in the U. S. without requiring sponsorship now or in the future


 Intern Program Overview: 
 Thousand Eyes interns and co-ops join the team for 12 and 16 week programs, respectively, and are placed directly onto subteams. During the program, interns/co-ops have the opportunity to work on a small starter project, such as integration and implementation of new tools, before spending the majority of the program on a larger project, such as building the infrastructure for a new service. Projects are cross functional, which allow insight into new languages and technologies, help encourage professional growth within engineering, and allow a sense of ownership within the team. Thousand Eyes engineering teams place a high emphasis on mentorship. Each intern and co-op is matched 1:1 with a mentor who provides continual feedback and guidance throughout the duration of the program. Mentors help with introductions to other team members, overviews of tools and processes, and provide a seamless integration into Thousand Eyes Life.

 Cisco is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, genetic information, age, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected basis. Cisco will consider for employment, on a case by case basis, qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. 
 Why Cisco
# We Are Cisco, where each person is unique, but we bring our talents to work as a team and make a difference powering an inclusive future for all.
 We embrace digital, and help our customers implement change in their digital businesses. Some may think we’re “old” (36 years strong) and only about hardware, but we’re also a software company. And a security company. We even invented an intuitive network that adapts, predicts, learns and protects. No other company can do what we do –you can’t put us in a box! But “ Digital Transformation” is an empty buzz phrase without a culture that allows for innovation, creativity, and yes, even failure (if you learn from it.)
 Day to day, we focus on the give and take. We give our best, give our egos a break, and give of ourselves (because giving back is built into our D N A.) We take accountability, bold steps, and take difference to heart. Because without diversity of thought and a dedication to equality for all, there is no moving forward.
 So, you have colourful hair? Don’t care. Tattoos? Show off your ink. Like polka dots? That’s cool. Pop culture geek? Many of us are. Passion for technology and world changing? Be you, with us.

 We recognize that diverse teams make the strongest teams, and we encourage people from all backgrounds to apply.

---------------------- 
