Redwood_Materials: Factory_Automation_Intern_Summer_2024  ------- 2-Feb
 
Company Overview Redwood's mission is to build a circular supply chain to power a sustainable world and accelerate the reduction of fossil fuels. The company is localizing a global supply battery chain and producing anode and cathode components in the U. S. for the first time, while also reducing environmental impact, cost, and supply chain risks.
---------------------- 
Company Stage Series D Total Funding $3.8 B Founded2017 Headquarters Carson City, Nevada
---------------------- 
Growth & Insights Headcount6 month growth↑ 14%1 year growth↑ 32%2 year growth↑ 250%
---------------------- 
Requirements Pursuing a B. S. or advanced degree in software engineering, electrical engineering, mechantronics, materials science, or another discipline with significant relevant coursework Working knowledge of Python and/or simulation software packages, and functional software engineering skills Familiarity with process control systems and theories ( P I D controllers, etc) Understanding of mechanical, electrical, and thermodynamics first principles and fundamentals
---------------------- 
Responsibilities Development of Python based applications to advanced our factory control systems Integrate output from offline simulations, models, and other external data sources Run software applications in offline test environments against simulated plants as well as software that runs live on the plant floor Participate in conversations about high-level control strategy design, informed by simulation and data analytics
---------------------- 
Desired Qualifications Prior internship or relevant project/work experience with physical process modeling or controls systems Readiness to work on complex system design Self-motivated, hands-on attitude, with a willingness to contribute at all levels A passion for sustainability and making the world a better place!
---------------------- 
About Redwood Materials
 Redwood Materials was founded in 2017 to create a circular supply chain for electric vehicles and clean energy products, making them more sustainable and driving down the cost for batteries. We’re doing this by developing and deploying new technologies to increase the scope and scale of recycled and sustainable materials in the global battery supply chain.



 Software Engineer, Factory Automation Intern/ Co-op
 We are seeking a Software Engineer, Factory Automation Intern or Co-op to assist in the development and optimization of our factories and battery refining & materials production processes. This intern will work with other software, controls, and systems engineers to help develop software for sophisticated real-time controls / industrial automation. These software applications will leverage advanced capabilities such as predictive control and inferential variable control. The software will also incorporate feedback from simulations and models of the physical plants (often referred to as “digital twins”).
 Responsibilities will include:

 Development of Python based applications to advanced our factory control systems.
 Integrate output from offline simulations, models, and other external data sources (examples could be power consumption models, metal pricing forecasts, or chemistries of end of life batteries in our inventory).
 Run software applications in offline test environments against simulated plants as well as software that runs live on the plant floor.
 Work with a highly cross-functional landscape of engineers to gather requirements, and work with stakeholders to provide solutions as they are required. 
 Participate in conversations about high-level control strategy design, informed by simulation and data analytics. 

 Desired Qualifications

 Pursuing a B. S. or advanced degree in software engineering, electrical engineering, mechantronics, materials science, or another discipline with significant relevant coursework.
 Prior internship or relevant project/work experience with physical process modeling or controls systems.
 Working knowledge of Python and/or simulation software packages, and functional software engineering skills. 
 Familiarity with process control systems and theories ( P I D controllers, etc).
 Understanding of mechanical, electrical, and thermodynamics first principles and fundamentals. 
 Readiness to work on complex system design. 
 Self-motivated, hands-on attitude, with a willingness to contribute at all levels.
 A passion for sustainability and making the world a better place!  

 This position may be arranged as either an Internship or a Co-op, depending on the candidate. Details:
 Internship - Summer 2024 (12 weeks).
 Co-op - Ranging from 4-9 months in duration.
 This position is located in the Reno, Nevada area but is open to remote/hybrid arrangements as well for the right candidate! The position is full-time. Compensation will be commensurate with experience.
 We collect personal information ( P I) from you in connection with your application for employment with Redwood Materials, including the following categories of P I: identifiers, personal records, professional or employment information, and inferences drawn from your P I. We collect your P I for our purposes, including performing services and operations related to your potential employment. If you have additional privacy-related questions, please contact us at [email protected].
---------------------- 
