Pendo: Summer_2024_Software_Engineering_Internship  ------- 2-Feb
 
Company Overview Pendo.io stands out as a desirable workplace due to its unique culture that prioritizes product intelligence and customer success, as evidenced by its partnerships with leading companies like Verizon and Salesforce. The company's technical prowess is demonstrated by its product experience platform, which allows businesses to swiftly and efficiently make product intelligence actionable. With a global presence and industry leadership in supporting product and digital leaders through initiatives like Mind the Product and sponsored events, Pendo.io fosters an environment of continuous learning and growth.
---------------------- 
Company Stage Private Total Funding $483.6 M Founded2013 Headquarters Raleigh, North Carolina
---------------------- 
Growth & Insights Headcount6 month growth↓ -1%1 year growth↓ -12%2 year growth↓ -9%
---------------------- 
Requirements Pursuing a degree in Computer Science or other technical discipline Excellent communication & presentation skills Ability to demonstrate critical-thinking, time-management, and decision-making capabilities Experience in at least one of the following: Golang, Java Script, Type Script, Java, Python, C#, Swift, Kotlin, or similar current programming languages
---------------------- 
Responsibilities Contribute to teams working on meaningful projects such as retroactive analytics or performance optimization within Pendo’s product Build web infrastructure with programming languages such as Python, Golang or Java Script using Vue Participate in Sprint Planning, Backlog Refinement, and Retrospective activities Create a real impact on the engineering team(s) by working directly with Product, Design and your team in an Agile environment rapidly developing and releasing Pendo products to our customers
---------------------- 
Desired Qualifications Understanding of Java Script frameworks such as Vue, React or Angular Understanding of distributed computing fundamentals like R E S T A P Is and cloud computing Understanding of/experience with cloud data storage like document databases Previous technical internship experience
---------------------- 
Description 
 Pendo is looking for dynamic, motivated, and self-driven team members to join our Engineering organization this summer as Software Engineering Interns! As an engineer you will help our customers build what matters, elevating the world’s experience with software. You will join a team building the tools that allow product managers to gather the full picture of the customer, by integrating qualitative feedback data with the full power of Pendo’s analytics and guidance platform. You will need to be a hands-on, thoughtful, and strategic member of an engineering team, and your work will directly improve Pendo’s products and our customers’ experience.
 We are looking for tech savvy students interested in working in a fast-paced, rapidly growing tech environment with a large code base that faces millions of people. In addition to the day-to-day responsibilities this intern will hold, you’ll also be provided mentorship and development via one-on-one time with our C T O, V P of Engineering, Engineering Managers, and the entire engineering and product teams.
 Role Responsibilities 

 Contribute to teams working on meaningful projects such as retroactive analytics or performance optimization within Pendo’s product.
 Build web infrastructure with programming languages such as Python, Golang or Java Script using Vue.
 Participate in Sprint Planning, Backlog Refinement, and Retrospective activities.
 Create a real impact on the engineering team(s) by working directly with Product, Design and your team in an Agile environment rapidly developing and releasing Pendo products to our customers.

 Minimum Qualifications

 Pursuing a degree in Computer Science or other technical discipline.
 Excellent communication & presentation skills.
 Ability to demonstrate critical-thinking, time-management, and decision-making capabilities.
 Experience in at least one of the following: Golang, Java Script, Type Script, Java, Python, C#, Swift, Kotlin, or similar current programming languages.
 For those interested in a Front End internship:

 Understanding of Java Script frameworks such as Vue, React or Angular

 For those interested in a Back End internship:

 Understanding of distributed computing fundamentals like R E S T A P Is and cloud computing.
 Understanding of/experience with cloud data storage like document databases.


 Preferred Qualifications

 Previous technical internship experience.

 Pendo Description:
 Pendo was founded in 2013 by former product managers, who combined their heads and hearts to build something they wanted but never had as product managers -- a simple way to understand and attack what truly drives product success.  Our mission is to improve society’s experience with software.
 Come join one of the fastest-growing startups, supported by best-in-class institutions like Battery Ventures, Salesforce Ventures, Spark Capital and Meritech. You will gain experience in a diverse and exciting set of technologies and clients and have a real impact on Pendo’s future. Our culture is passionate, dynamic, and fun.
 E E O C
 We are an equal opportunity employer and believe having diverse teams where everyone brings their whole self to Pendo is key to our success. We welcome all people of different backgrounds, experiences, abilities and perspectives.
 Accessibility
 Pendo is committed to working with, and providing access and reasonable accommodation to, applicants with mental and/or physical disabilities. If you think you may require an accommodation for any part of the recruitment process, please send a request to: [email protected]. All requests for accommodations are treated discreetly and confidentially, as practical and permitted by law.
 Compensation
 Our salary ranges are based on paying competitively for our size and industry, and are one part of many compensation, benefits and other reward opportunities we provide.
 The hourly pay for this role to be performed in North Carolina is $30/hr.
 Individual pay rate decisions, including offers made within and over the expected salary range, are based on a number of factors, including qualifications for the role, experience level, skillset, and balancing internal equity relative to peers at the company.
# L I- S C1
---------------------- 
