Red_Door_Interactive_: Digital_Analytics_Intern_Summer_2024  ------- 7-Feb
 
Company Stage N/ A Total Funding N/ A Founded2002 Headquarters San Diego, California
---------------------- 
Requirements Availability to work at least 20 hours per week between June- August 2024 Excellent written and verbal communication skills Proficient with Excel (intermediate to advanced skills) Experience using Business Intelligence ( B I) software is a plus Experience with Google Analytics is a plus Exposure to user testing, dashboarding, and conducting analysis are nice-to-have Graduating Seniors preferred
---------------------- 
Responsibilities Support scheduled and ad hoc web analytics data reporting, analysis, and data-driven recommendations with projections and expected outcomes based on said recommendations Learn to understand the boundaries of acceptable variation and troubleshoot and escalate issues to senior members of the team and client leads Shadow and participate in determining appropriate key performance indicators from client business goals and objectives; assist in configuring analytics platforms for reporting and analysis Contribute to client work and share key learnings and trends Learn about analytical trends and the tools that Red Door uses Receive training on analytical tools and methodology
---------------------- 
Desired Qualifications Experience using Business Intelligence ( B I) software Experience with Google Analytics Exposure to user testing, dashboarding, and conducting analysis
---------------------- 
Is This You? 
 You are an aspiring digital marketing analyst who is constantly on a quest to understand the "why" behind anything. Driven by your analytical talents, you get excited about the opportunity to report and analyze data to use in marketing that help influential brands set and achieve their strategic goals. You’ve had proven experience monitoring and identifying trends in data. You will be excited to learn how to use data insights to develop marketing recommendations and communication skills to persuade effectively.
 What You’ll Need:  

 Availability to work at least 20 hours per week between June- August 2024 (with the potential to start during the Spring Semester)
 Excellent written and verbal communication skills
 Must be proficient with Excel (intermediate to advanced skills)
 Experience using Business Intelligence ( B I) software is a plus
 Experience with Google Analytics is a plus
 Exposure to user testing, dashboarding and conducting analysis are nice-to-have
 Graduating Seniors preferred

 What You’ll Do: 

 Support scheduled and ad hoc web analytics data reporting, analysis, and data-driven recommendations with projections and expected outcomes based on said recommendations 
 Learn to understand the boundaries of acceptable variation and troubleshoot and escalate issues to senior members of the team and client leads 
 Shadow and participate in determining appropriate key performance indicators from client business goals and objectives; assist in configuring analytics platforms for reporting and analysis 
 Contribute to client work and share key learnings and trends
 Learn about analytical trends and the tools that Red Door uses 
 Receive training on analytical tools and methodology 

* This position will be a hybrid role based in our San Diego, C A office.* 
 The hiring rate for this position is $20 per hour
 This Is Us:
 We’re Red Door Interactive— a national, award-winning, full-service marketing agency. We work with mid-market and Fortune 500 companies to optimize brand and performance marketing across all channels – paid, earned, and owned. Using data, technology, and top-industry talent, we deliver meaningful brand experiences that drive more revenue for clients such as Titleist, Patagonia, Stone Brewing, Sun Bum, Bosch, among others. Beyond our tactical capabilities, Red Door’s approach to client engagements allows us to solve enterprise marketers’ biggest challenges around stakeholder alignment, cross-department silos, resourcing, and measurement. 
 What’s  In  It For You?  
 Working with us, you get a culture of learning and collaboration with professional growth and advancement opportunities.  You will work as part of an engaged, respectful, knowledgeable team that values collaboration and learning.

 Technology & Wellness Resources
 Employee Events & Get- Togethers
 Opportunities for shadowing, learning, and growth!
 This range may differ based on your geographic location, cost of living considerations, and individual experience and skill set.  Hiring Range $20— $20 U S D Red Door’s Commitment to Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion
 When work resonates with people in a wide range of industries, geographies, and cultures, we all win. To create impactful work together, we nurture an inclusive environment that invites diverse voices and empowers our people to contribute their whole selves to our craft.
---------------------- 
