Advisor360_: Systems_Engineer_Summer_Internship  ------- 1-Feb
 
Company Overview Advisor360° is a leading company in the Wealth Tech industry, offering a Saa S platform that enhances productivity and revenue while minimizing operational costs and regulatory risks. The company's proprietary approach to data unification and simplification enables quick market entry and informed decision-making. With a focus on creating a superior digital wealth experience, Advisor360° has positioned itself as a competitive player in the financial technology sector.
---------------------- 
Company Stage N/ A Total Funding N/ A Founded2019 Headquarters Weston, Massachusetts
---------------------- 
Growth & Insights Headcount6 month growth↑ 0%1 year growth↑ 8%2 year growth↑ 51%
---------------------- 
Requirements Internship will start on June 3rd and end on August 16th Available to work in a hybrid model environment with a minimum of 2 days per week in the office General knowledge and understanding of Windows Server Administration, Linux, D N S, W A N/ L A N technologies or the ability to learn through training, mentorship, and growth Bash/ Power Shell/ Perl/ Python or other scripting experience a plus, or demonstrated ability to learn through training, mentorship, and growth Basic understanding with software development practices and management tools (e.g., Jira, Bitbucket, Confluence, Jenkins, Git, etc.) or demonstrated ability to learn through training, mentorship, and growth
---------------------- 
Responsibilities Collaborate with senior team members to design, test, train, evaluate, maintain, document, and deploy machine learning and statistical models Craft well written, efficient, and maintainable code related to data and analytics processes and presentation Partner with teams to understand their business objectives and develop requirements for data-driven projects using the principles of machine learning and statistical analysis Explain methodology and results to business stakeholders
---------------------- 
Desired Qualifications Customer and technical communication skills
---------------------- 
At Advisor360°, we hire people with all kinds of awesome experiences, backgrounds, and perspectives. We like it that way. So even if you don’t meet every single requirement, please consider applying if you like what you see. Though many of our roles are assigned to a particular office location, most are a hybrid of remote and in-person work.






 Come join our team in Weston, M Athis summer for an exciting internship opportunity!















 A Systems Engineer Intern will shadow a Systems Engineer I, who plans and builds an organization’s systems infrastructure, as well as implements, modifies, and designs information system. Being a Systems Engineer Intern also includes observing the Systems Engineer I take proactive measure on alerts from monitoring systems to ensure uptime.
 Key responsibilities 

 Collaborate with senior team members to design, test, train, evaluate, maintain, document, and deploy machine learning and statistical models
 Craft well written, efficient, and maintainable code related to data and analytics processes and presentation. 
 Partner with teams to understand their business objectives and develop requirements for data-driven projects using the principles of machine learning and statistical analysis.
 Explain methodology and results to business stakeholders

 Requirements

 Internship will start on June 3rd and end on August 16th
 Available to work in a hybrid model environment with a minimum of 2 days per week in the office
 General knowledge and understanding of Windows Server Administration, Linux, D N S, W A N/ L A N technologies or the ability to learn through training, mentorship, and growth
 Bash/ Power Shell/ Perl/ Python or other scripting experience a plus, or demonstrated ability to learn through training, mentorship, and growth
 Basic understanding with software development practices and management tools (e.g., Jira, Bitbucket, Confluence, Jenkins, Git, etc.) or demonstrated ability to learn through training, mentorship, and growth

 Additional skills and knowledge


 Customer and technical communication skills









 About Advisor360°
 Come grow with us! Join a team of inventive, driven professionals! 
 Launched in 2019, Advisor360° combines a start-up’s agile and innovative markers with the stability of an established enterprise. Ranked the largest Fin Tech company in Massachusetts by the Boston Business Journal, Advisor360° was born out of 20 years of feedback from the industry’s highest-producing financial advisors and has gone on to build a software that is second to none.
 Our company specializes in building, delivering, and integrating technology for wealth managers. Our comprehensive platform offers a unified approach to managing wealth, delivering a connected experience to advisors and their clients.
 Benefits include a competitive bonus plan, unlimited paid time off, paid sick time, volunteer time off, free access to vacation homes, a generous 401(k) employer match, stock appreciation rights, referral bonuses, 80% of either H M O or P P O premiums for individuals and family employer covered, 50% of dental insurance paid for, employer life and A D& D at 2 X salary, short- and long-term disability coverage, a health savings account, flexible spending accounts, and paid bonding time for new parents.
 Advisor360° also provides worthwhile perks, including a hybrid structure with most employees working from the office 2 to 3 times per week, tuition reimbursement, professional development opportunities, employee assistance programs, and more!
 Join us on this journey. Advisor360° is an equal opportunity employer committed to a diverse workforce. We believe diversity drives innovation and are therefore building a company where people of all backgrounds are truly welcome and included. Everyone is encouraged to bring their unique, authentic selves to work each and every day. The way we see it, we are here to learn from each other. 
 Are you ready to build and discover together?
---------------------- 
