Wayfair: Supply_Chain_And_Operations_Co_op_Service_July_2024  ------- 2-Feb
 
Company Overview Wayfair's mission is on a mission to help everyone, anywhere create their feeling of home. Wayfair is an online retailer that offers a wide selection of home furnishings and decor.
---------------------- 
Company Stage N/ A Total Funding $2.3 B Founded2002 Headquarters Boston, Massachusetts
---------------------- 
Growth & Insights Headcount6 month growth↓ -5%1 year growth↓ -9%2 year growth↓ -6%
---------------------- 
Requirements Current Sophomore, Junior, or Senior pursuing an undergraduate degree in a relevant discipline (eg. analytics, supply chain, business operations) Ability to commit to working 40 hours/week (9am-5pm, Monday- Friday) from July 8, 2024 - December 20, 2024 in our Boston office
---------------------- 
Responsibilities Leverage data to analyze the Service and Operations organizations and develop business cases for strategic initiatives that drive speed, reliability, and cost reduction throughout the supply chain Create cross-functional partnerships throughout Operations and other areas of the business to solve problems and innovate tools and processes Build strong relationships and collaborate with suppliers, carriers, and field teams to improve operational performance that can scale with Wayfair’s continued growth Work effectively with peers and managers by demonstrating high quality communication and teamwork
---------------------- 
Desired Qualifications Excellent written and verbal communication skills; ability to summarize and share results with key stakeholders Strong business acumen; ability to understand how various parts of the business interact, and can identify and approach problems from a customer perspective Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills; ability to dissect and determine root causes of problems and implement solutions Interest in working hard and being challenged in a fast-paced environment Experience in business and data analytics, including Excel Familiarity with S Q L/ Google Big Query, R, or Python is a plus
---------------------- 
Supply Chain, Service, and Operations Co-op
 Program Dates: July 8, 2024 to December 20, 2024
 Who We Are:
 Wayfair’s Operations organization is revolutionizing the customer experience through the development of a proprietary logistics network and optimization platform that manages the end-to-end supply chain, from overseas production to the customer’s front door. Teams include Castle Gate Forwarding, Operations Platform, Inventory Management, Supply Chain Operations, and Service Operations. Top co-op candidates will possess strong business acumen, analytical horsepower, and an appetite for solving challenging business problems. This is a unique opportunity to help build another competitive advantage for Wayfair while growing your own communication, analytical, and cross-functional partnership skills.
 What You’ll Do:

 Leverage data to analyze the Service and Operations organizations and develop business cases for strategic initiatives that drive speed, reliability, and cost reduction throughout our supply chain
 Create cross-functional partnerships throughout Operations and other areas of the business to solve problems and innovate tools and processes
 Build strong relationships and collaborate with suppliers, carriers, and field teams to improve operational performance that can scale with Wayfair’s continued growth
 Work effectively with peers and managers by demonstrating high quality communication and teamwork

 What You’ll Need:
 Basic Qualifications

 To be a current Sophomore, Junior, or Senior pursuing an undergraduate degree in a relevant discipline (eg. analytics, supply chain, business operations)
 The ability to commit to working 40 hours/week (9am-5pm, Monday- Friday) from July 8, 2024 - December 20, 2024 in our Boston office

 Preferred Qualifications

 Excellent written and verbal communication skills; ability to summarize and share results with key stakeholders
 Strong business acumen; ability to understand how various parts of the business interact, and can identify and approach problems from a customer perspective
 Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills; ability to dissect and determine root causes of problems and implement solutions
 Interest in working hard and being challenged in a fast-paced environment
 Experience in business and data analytics, including Excel
 Familiarity with S Q L/ Google Big Query, R, or Python is a plus

 At this time, Wayfair is unable to hire candidates that require visa sponsorship now or in the future for this position.
 Wayfair Co-op Program Overview:
 Based in Wayfair’s Boston headquarters, our co-op program is a six-month, full-time, paid program that runs twice annually in January to June and July to December. Through the co-op program, students have the opportunity to gain impactful professional experience in their major or career field of interest by fully integrating with Wayfair business units. While the majority of Wayfair co-ops join directly from an academic program, some co-ops join us from varying professional and academic backgrounds seeking a six-month professional experience. In addition to exciting project work, Wayfair co-ops have the opportunity to build their professional networks, take advantage of training offerings, and attend social events throughout the program. 
 Wayfair’s In- Office Policy:
 All Boston-based interns, Co-ops, and corporate employees will be in office in a hybrid capacity. Employees will work in the office on Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday, and work remotely on Friday. Assistance for Individuals with Disabilities
 Wayfair is fully committed to providing equal opportunities for all individuals, including individuals with disabilities. As part of this commitment, Wayfair will make reasonable accommodations to the known physical or mental limitations of qualified individuals with disabilities, unless doing so would impose an undue hardship on business operations. If you require a reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, please let us know by completing our  Accomodations for Applicants form.
 Need Assistance?











 For more information about applying for a career at Wayfair, visit our F A Q page here. 











 About Wayfair Inc. Wayfair is one of the world’s largest online destinations for the home. Whether you work in our global headquarters in Boston or Berlin, or in our warehouses or offices throughout the world, we’re reinventing the way people shop for their homes. Through our commitment to industry-leading technology and creative problem-solving, we are confident that Wayfair will be home to the most rewarding work of your career. If you’re looking for rapid growth, constant learning, and dynamic challenges, then you’ll find that amazing career opportunities are knocking.
 No matter who you are, Wayfair is a place you can call home. We’re a community of innovators, risk-takers, and trailblazers who celebrate our differences, and know that our unique perspectives make us stronger, smarter, and well-positioned for success. We value and rely on the collective voices of our employees, customers, community, and suppliers to help guide us as we build a better Wayfair – and world – for all. Every voice, every perspective matters. That’s why we’re proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, ethnicity, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship status, marital status, disability, gender identity, gender expression, veteran status, genetic information, or any other legally protected characteristic.
 We are interested in retaining your data for a period of 12 months to consider you for suitable positions within Wayfair. Your personal data is processed in accordance with our Candidate Privacy Notice (which can found here: https://www.wayfair.com/careers/privacy). If you have any questions regarding our processing of your personal data, please contact us at [email protected]. If you would rather not have us retain your data please contact us anytime at [email protected]. 
---------------------- 
