Kargo: Intern_Data_Analytics  ------- 29-Jan
 
Company Overview Kargo’s mission is to unite the world’s leading brands and premium publishers on mobile devices using innovative and creative ad formats. The company is transforming advertising in the mobile space by providing businesses with metrics to analyze and improve performance across key advertiser K P I’s.
---------------------- 
Company Stage Seed Total Funding $6.7 M Founded1999 Headquarters New York, New York
---------------------- 
Growth & Insights Headcount6 month growth↑ 9%1 year growth↑ 16%2 year growth↑ 62%
---------------------- 
Requirements Working towards or have recently earned a Bachelor’s degree in a related field ( Engineering, Statistics, Mathematics, Economics, or other S T E M majors) Moderate experience with S Q L and/or data analysis, spreadsheets ( Google Sheets/ Excel) Good to have project experience using Python/ Matlab and S Q L Good to have experience with one or more of the following platforms: Looker, Snowflake, Databricks, Google Analytics/ Big Query
---------------------- 
Responsibilities Use Looker, Kargo’s primary B I tool, to construct insightful and easy-to-use dashboards Collaborate with Engineering, Product, Operations, and Sales professionals to assess data needs for respective teams and departments Approach dashboard creation with an emphasis on automation
---------------------- 
Desired Qualifications Curious and interested in learning more about the Ad Tech Industry
---------------------- 
Kargo unites the world’s leading brands, retailers and premium publishers across screens using innovative technology and advanced creative ad formats. At Kargo, we’re all about bringing together the best of the best with a spark of creativity to stand out from the crowd. The same is true for our employees. What makes Kargo and each Kargo team member exceptional makes our company special. Kargo believes differences should be celebrated and is committed to diversity in the workplace. As an Equal Opportunity employer, we do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, age, national origin, protected veteran status, disability or other legally protected status. Individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation.
 Kargo is 500 employees strong across offices in New York City, Chicago, Austin, Dallas, Los Angeles, Sydney, Auckland, Ireland, and London. But we’re not stopping there, so stay tuned as we expand our map and our team.
 For more information, visit Kargo at www.kargo.com or follow Kargo on Instagram (@kargomobile), Twitter (@kargo) and Linked In ( Kargo).
 Title:  Intern, Data Analytics
 Job Type:  Internship; In- Office Hybrid Required 
 Job Location:  New York, N Y
 Salary Range:  $17 per hour
 Role Summary: Kargo is seeking a Data Analyst Intern to join us this summer.  The selected intern will work within Kargo’s Analytics team, focusing on maximizing revenue and efficiently executing business functions through the delivery of data dashboards and analytical insights. A  S T E M background with some experience (and interest) in data science and/or statistical analysis is critical. The summer internship program runs for 10 weeks from June 3 to August 9. All internship positions are paid. This will be a full-time internship with up to 40 hours a week from Monday through Friday with the expectation of 3x in the office. 
 What You’ll Do:

 Use Looker, Kargo’s primary B I tool, to construct insightful and easy-to-use dashboards
 Collaborate with Engineering, Product, Operations, and Sales professionals to assess data needs for respective teams and departments.
 Approach dashboard creation with an emphasis on automation

 What You’ll Learn:

 Gain experience with snowflake data warehouses, using S Q L to process enormous datasets and deliver useful insights
 Develop expertise in ad tech, one of the most complicated industries
 Master Looker, Google’s B I tool of choice for complex organizations

 Who You Are:

 Working towards or have recently earned a Bachelor’s degree in a related field ( Engineering,  Statistics, Mathematics, Economics, or other S T E M majors)
 Possess a “roll up your sleeves”, independent contributor mentality
 Curious and interested in learning more about the Ad Tech Industry
 Moderate experience with S Q L and/or data analysis, spreadsheets ( Google Sheets/ Excel)
 Good to have project experience using Python/ Matlab and S Q L
 Good to have experience with one or more of the following platforms: Looker, Snowflake, Databricks, Google Analytics/ Big Query

 The Recognition: Kargo and Kargo leadership are regularly recognized for the company’s growth and achievements, including: 

 Ad Age’s Best Places to Work (2024)
 Built In’s U. S, New York, Los Angeles, Dallas, and Chicago Best Places to Work (2024)
 Built In’s U. S, New York, Los Angeles, Dallas, and Chicago Best Midsize  Places to Work (2024)
 Martech Breakthrough Awards’ Best Overall Ad Tech Company (2023)
 B& T’s Best Media Platform (2021)
 Digiday Awards’ Media Award for Best Digital Product Innovation (2021) 
 Martech Breakthrough Awards’ Content Management Innovation (2021)

---------------------- 
