Openmesh_Networks: Junior_Developer_in_Consensus_Algorithms_Intern_Blockchain_Consensus_and_Development  ------- 7-Feb
 
Company Stage N/ A Total Funding N/ A Founded2020 Headquarters Sydney, Australia
---------------------- 
Growth & Insights Headcount6 month growth↑ 4%1 year growth↑ 4%2 year growth↑ 4%
---------------------- 
Requirements Pursuing or completed a degree in a relevant field Interest in blockchain technology and consensus algorithms Basic programming skills (e.g., C++, Go, Rust) is a plus Eagerness to learn about blockchain development
---------------------- 
Responsibilities Contribute to the development of blockchain consensus algorithms Collaborate with the development team on blockchain projects Learn and apply principles of blockchain consensus
---------------------- 
Desired Qualifications Personal qualities, outside interests, and achievements beyond university
---------------------- 
We are inviting selected students ( B A, M S) in Computer Sciences to be part of pioneering the cloud, data, A I and web3 space. You will have the opportunity to contribute to the development of one of the world’s first large-scale open data clouds and analytics engines. Openmesh is a dedicated global initiative that brings together brilliant minds in the tech industry to create open data and open infrastructures that will be pivotal in shaping the next 10-20 years.
 This internship can be used for your 400 hours of industry experience ( P E P 40). This is a 2-12 weeks paid internship to begin soon. The role will take place in our Sydney George St. Office. Unlock your career potential by working with a world class team, opportunity for permanent job placements, competitive salaries, and exciting cash prize competitions!
 About Openmesh and Xnode 
 Today a handful of corporations control 90% of the world’s data and I T infrastructure and we are expected to trust them. This is not just bad for business; it’s bad for everyone. Information asymmetry has led to social inequality, scandals, polarization, and corruption. Sometimes, it has even led to war. Centralized data control acts as a potential chokepoint for innovation, raises privacy concerns, and creates a bottleneck for the free flow of data.
 Openmesh is a cutting-edge new open-source cloud infrastructure and a global open data network aimed at storing important global data without a middleman. It is the largest open web3 data lake, covering approximately 80% of the entire crypto and web3 ecosystem today. In 2023 and 2024, we aim to expand our data coverage to include public health and scientific research data.
 Openmesh enables anyone to create their own decentralized data cloud, connect globally, share data securely, slash deployment costs, and automate data cloud setup. The Openmesh Network is designed to collect, store, process, stream, and provide data connectivity for anyone, anywhere, anytime, without the need for registration, licensing, or payments. Think of Openmesh as the internet’s open data fabric. It grants universal access and prevents interferences created by regulators, governments, corporations, and even its own creators. The possibilities are endless.
 Core Products

 Our flagship product, Xnode, is an integral part of this vision, offering a revolutionary platform for developers to build decentralized data clouds. Xnode, enables developers to build their own decentralized data clouds with data connectivity, data A P Is, and query & analytics engines in mere minutes, instead of weeks or months. They pay only for computing and storage, sidestepping licensing and setup fees. Xnode facilitates a 10-15 fold cost reduction in running and operating data clouds and can save over 95% of deployment time. 
 Pythia is a powerhouse analytics & query engine that transforms raw data into actionable insights. Pythia allows anyone to design, build, visualize, and deploy powerful data products.
 Unified A P Is provide a single endpoint for all crypto & web3 data, making it accessible to anyone, anywhere, without any costs. There are no licenses, registrations, or setup fees involved.

 Our vision
 Our vision is to democratize data and address information asymmetry at a scale. Data & information is the most valuable commodity in the world. Without quality, reliable data, all webpages, apps, and the entire internet will stop working. We believe access to reliable, unedited information is a fundamental right- an aspect of a free and democratic society. The Core Principles of Openmesh, by design, has no single authority that can alter its data, how the information is distributed or controlled, or who can see what and when. The infrastructure and entire technology stack is open-source and governed by an open-source community.
 The opportunity

 Learn groundbreaking innovations in Data, Cloud, Blockchain, A I, and Web3 Infrastructure from visionaries, and discover what your dream job is really like.
 You will be given access to our technology, hackathons, virtual conferences, mentoring sessions, R& D infrastructure, workshops, and an opportunity to observe and apply your knowledge in practice. You have the option to work in person or remotely.
 Gain on-the-job experience. You’ll be assigned a project that will develop your problem-solving skills, teach you how to present your ideas, work with a team, and think like a professional.
 The specialized knowledge and skills you gain through the program will prepare you for a successful career at Openmesh.
 Top-performing candidates will receive a full-time offer and a chance to win cash prizes from our mini-hackathon series.

 Responsibilities

 Contribute to the development of blockchain consensus algorithms.
 Collaborate with the development team on blockchain projects.
 Learn and apply principles of blockchain consensus.

 Qualifications

 Pursuing or completed a degree in a relevant field.
 Interest in blockchain technology and consensus algorithms.
 Basic programming skills (e.g., C++, Go, Rust) is a plus.
 Eagerness to learn about blockchain development.

 Why Join Us

 Lead a revolutionary product that is reshaping the landscape of data management and accessibility.
 Collaborate with a global community of innovators and thought leaders in the decentralized space.
 Make a significant impact on how data is accessed and utilized worldwide, promoting transparency, efficiency, and democratization.
 Enjoy a dynamic, challenging, and rewarding work environment, along with competitive compensation and benefits.

 Beyond academic skills, we are most interested in what makes you unique: the personal qualities, outside interests and achievements beyond university that demonstrate the kind of person you are and the difference you will bring to the team.
---------------------- 
