Addepar: Software_Engineer_Intern_Data_Architecture_Edi  ------- 25-Jan
 
Company Overview Addepar's mission is to create a more transparent financial system. The company provides wealth managers with real-time portfolio reporting and insights required to make and implement better investment decisions. By helping people achieve the best possible outcomes, Addepar aims to get more assets flowing into more impactful investments and ideas, benefiting our society as a whole.
---------------------- 
Company Stage Series F Total Funding $1.6 B Founded2009 Headquarters Mountain View, California
---------------------- 
Growth & Insights Headcount6 month growth↑ 1%1 year growth↑ 9%2 year growth↑ 37%
---------------------- 
Requirements Currently enrolled in a post-secondary educational institution in the U K Available to intern for the full 12 weeks Outstanding talent in software engineering Ability to write high quality code Excellent written and verbal communication skills Solid understanding of development standard processes and experience working in a team Proficiency in programming languages Java or Python Experience with Spark, Databricks is a big plus Linux proficiency, basic shell scripting and a solid grasp of systems level programming is a plus Specific experience in or knowledge of financial data systems is a plus
---------------------- 
Responsibilities Implement engineering solutions to address sophisticated problems; write well-designed, testable code Lead the intern project’s priorities, deadlines, and work Collaborate effectively with other engineers, product managers and collaborators on the intern project
---------------------- 
Desired Qualifications Experience with Spark, Databricks Linux proficiency, basic shell scripting and a solid grasp of systems level programming Specific experience in or knowledge of financial data systems
---------------------- 
Who We Are
 Addepar is a global technology and data company that helps investment professionals provide the most informed, precise guidance for their clients. Hundreds of thousands of users have trusted Addepar to empower smarter investment decisions and better advice over the last decade. With client presence in more than 40 countries, Addepar’s platform aggregates portfolio, market and client data for over $5 trillion in assets. Addepar’s open platform integrates with more than 100 software, data and services partners to deliver a complete solution for a wide range of firms and use cases. Addepar embraces a global flexible workforce model with offices in Silicon Valley, New York City, Salt Lake City, Chicago, London, Dublin, Edinburgh, Scotland and Pune, India.
* Marketplace and brokerage services provided by Acervus Securities, Inc., an S E C registered broker‑dealer and member F I N R A / S I P C. Being a part of the Adde U Internship Program, you will be working on meaningful project(s) that you can feel proud of and present back to the company at the end of the experience. In addition to having a supporting manager and mentor, we have a fantastic onboarding program to get you acclimated and ready for your time with us. Fun events and super cool swag are also included!
 At the moment, our 12-week internship experience is remote. Dates are currently set for May - August 2024 but please consult with your recruiter. Seeking Scotland students only.
 The Role
 We are currently seeking a Software Engineer Intern to join our Data Platform Team! In this role, you will have the opportunity to use the newest technology stacks to build the next generation of data platform which serves as the platform for all data processing in Addepar. You will be working with the cutting-edge technologies with big data, distributed data processing, and artificial intelligence.
 Engineering is at the core of Addepar, and we are looking to add the best, brightest, and most hard-working software engineers to our team. If you are passionate about doing the best work of your career and you enjoy the rush of shipping high quality code to production every day we’re excited to meet you! Our software engineers come from a variety of backgrounds, ranging from Silicon Valley entrepreneurs to finance tech veterans. What they have in common is tremendous talent and dedication to architecting, implementing, and shipping high quality software.
 What You’ll Do

 Implement engineering solutions to address sophisticated problems; write well-designed, testable code.
 Lead the intern project’s priorities, deadlines, and work.
 Collaborate effectively with other engineers, product managers and collaborators on the intern project.

 Who You Are 

 Must be currently enrolled in a post-secondary educational institution (university must be located in the U K) & must be returning to school after internship
 Available to intern for the full 12 weeks
 Outstanding talent in software engineering. Ability to write high quality code.
 An outstanding learner to absorb new information and explore possible solutions in a fast pace environment.
 Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
 Solid understanding of development standard processes and experience working in a team.
 Proficiency in programming languages Java or Python is a must
 Experience with Spark, Databricks is a big plus
 Linux proficiency, basic shell scripting and a solid grasp of systems level programming is a plus.
 Specific experience in or knowledge of financial data systems is a plus.
 Our Values 

 Act Like an Owner - Think and operate with intention, purpose and care. Own outcomes.
 Build Together - Collaborate to unlock the best solutions. Deliver lasting value. 
 Champion Our Clients - Exceed client expectations. Our clients’ success is our success. 
 Drive Innovation - Be bold and unconstrained in problem solving. Transform the industry. 
 Embrace Learning - Engage our community to broaden our perspective. Bring a growth mindset. 

 In addition to our core values, Addepar is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We seek to bring together diverse ideas, experiences, skill sets, perspectives, backgrounds and identities to drive innovative solutions. We commit to promoting a welcoming environment where inclusion and belonging are held as a shared responsibility.
 To ensure the health and safety of all Addepeeps and our prospective candidates, we have instituted a virtual interview and onboarding experience.
 We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation.
 P H I S H I N G S C A M W A R N I N G: Addepar is among several companies recently made aware of a phishing scam involving con artists posing as hiring managers recruiting via email, text and social media. The imposters are creating misleading email accounts, conducting remote “interviews,” and making fake job offers in order to collect personal and financial information from unsuspecting individuals. Please be aware that no job offers will be made from Addepar without a formal interview process. Additionally, Addepar will not ask you to purchase equipment or supplies as part of your onboarding process. If you have any questions, please reach out to [email protected].
---------------------- 
