Exiger: Data_Analyst_Internship  ------- 9-Jan
 
Company Overview Exiger is on a mission to transform the fight against financial crime.
---------------------- 
Company Stage Series C Total Funding $182 M Founded2013 Headquarters New York, New York
---------------------- 
Growth & Insights Headcount6 month growth↓ -5%1 year growth↑ 0%2 year growth↑ 18%
---------------------- 
Requirements Currently enrolled in a university, ideally in their junior, senior or a master's program Pursuing a Bachelor’s degree or Master's degree in Statistics, Applied Mathematics, or a related field, or equivalent experience, ideally acquired in a technical or quantitative discipline Familiarity with Python and S Q L (1 to 2 years of experience is a plus) Basic understanding of R D B M S Data Structures and database concepts Interest in data analysis, with experience in relevant software (e.g., R, Python, V B A, etc.) Exposure to reporting and data visualization tools (e.g., Sisense, Microsoft Power B I, Tableau, Qlikview) Willingness to engage in data loading and transformation tasks, primarily focused on Microsoft S Q L Server (knowledge of other database technologies is a plus) Strong organizational skills, ability to prioritize, and work well under pressure Effective interpersonal skills with positive leadership qualities Demonstrated quantitative, analytical, and problem-solving capabilities Desire to understand business problems and evaluate results in a business context Written and verbal communication skills adaptable to both technical and non-technical audiences
---------------------- 
Responsibilities Assisting in loading and extracting data from Exiger Technology Manipulating and arranging data to support analytical processes Utilizing technical skills, such as Python and S Q L, to enhance, accelerate, and scale existing processes Providing timely and accurate reporting of activities conducted Collaborating with team members to identify and address product/service issues
---------------------- 
Desired Qualifications Mentorship from industry experts Networking opportunities within the organization
---------------------- 
At Exiger, we are committed to fostering talent and providing aspiring professionals with an opportunity to contribute to making the world a safer place to do business. Our internship program seeks individuals who think creatively to solve complex problems related to governance, risk, and compliance, delivering valuable solutions for our corporate and government partners.
 This full time internship position is available for candidates in the surrounding Richmond, Virginia area and will begin on 6/3/24 and end on 8/9/24. 
 What You’ll Do:
 As a Data Analytics Intern, you will play a vital role in supporting our team by engaging in various data information and analytical tasks. Your responsibilities will include:

 Assisting in loading and extracting data from Exiger Technology.
 Manipulating and arranging data to support analytical processes.
 Utilizing technical skills, such as Python and S Q L, to enhance, accelerate, and scale existing processes.
 Providing timely and accurate reporting of activities conducted.
 Collaborating with team members to identify and address product/service issues.

 What You Need:
 To be successful in this internship role, we are looking for candidates with the following qualifications:

 Currently enrolled in a university, ideally in their junior, senior or a master’s program.
 Pursuing a Bachelor’s degree or Master’s degree in Statistics, Applied Mathematics, or a related field, or equivalent experience, ideally acquired in a technical or quantitative discipline.
 Familiarity with Python and S Q L (1 to 2 years of experience is a plus).
 Basic understanding of R D B M S Data Structures and database concepts.
 Interest in data analysis, with experience in relevant software (e.g., R, Python, V B A, etc.).
 Exposure to reporting and data visualization tools (e.g., Sisense, Microsoft Power B I, Tableau, Qlikview).
 Willingness to engage in data loading and transformation tasks, primarily focused on Microsoft S Q L Server (knowledge of other database technologies is a plus).
 Strong organizational skills, ability to prioritize, and work well under pressure.
 Effective interpersonal skills with positive leadership qualities.
 Demonstrated quantitative, analytical, and problem-solving capabilities.
 Desire to understand business problems and evaluate results in a business context.
 Written and verbal communication skills adaptable to both technical and non-technical audiences.

 Why Intern with Us:
 Interning at Exiger offers a unique opportunity for professional development, and you will benefit from:

 Exposure to a hybrid work environment, allowing flexibility between remote and in-office work.
 Valuable hands-on experience in a dynamic and supportive team.
 Mentorship from industry experts.
 Networking opportunities within the organization.

 This full time internship position is available for candidates in the surrounding Richmond, Virginia area and will begin on 6/3/24 and end on 8/9/24. 
 The pay rate is $25.00/hour. 
 Our Commitment to Diversity & Inclusion 
 At Exiger, we know our people are the core of our excellence. The collective sum of the individual differences, life experiences, knowledge, inventiveness, innovation, self-expression, unique capabilities, and talent that our employees invest in their work represent a significant part of not only our culture, but our reputation and what we have been able to achieve as a global organization.
 We embrace and encourage our employees’ differences in age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other characteristics that make our employees unique. These unique characteristics come together to form the fabric of our organization and our culture, and enhance our ability to serve our clients while helping them to solve their business issues. All qualified candidates will be considered in accordance with this policy.
 At Exiger we believe we all have a responsibility to treat others with dignity and respect at all times. All employees are expected to exhibit conduct that reflects our global commitment to diversity and inclusion in any environment while acting on behalf of, and representing, Exiger.
# L I- Hybrid
 Exiger is revolutionizing the way corporations, government agencies and banks manage risk and compliance with a combination of technology-enabled and Saa S solutions. In recognition of the growing volume and complexity of data and regulation, Exiger is committed to creating a more sustainable risk and compliance environment through its holistic and innovative approach to problem solving. Exiger’s mission to make the world a safer place to do business drives its award-winning A I technology platform, D D I Q, built to anticipate the market’s most pressing needs related to evolving E S G, cyber, financial crime, third-party and supply chain risk. Exiger has won 30+ A I, Reg Tech and Supply Chain partner awards.
 Exiger’s core values are courage, excellence, expertise, innovation, integrity, teamwork and trust.
 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability or protected veteran status, or any other legally protected basis, in accordance with applicable law.
---------------------- 
